Simon Sinek is a visionary. He is an ethnographer. He's an
unapologetic optimist who has dedicated his life to helping leaders and
organizations inspire others. How many of you could get excited about being
inspiring? Just wake up in the morning and just inspire people, right? He has a
bold goal and his bold goal is to create a world in which the vast majority of
people go home at the end of the day having enjoyed the work that they do in the
world. And he's leading a movement to inspire leaders, to inspire others, to do
things that inspire them. He really wants us to wake up every morning and work
in our genius and take that out into the world. In his book start with why he
reveals why remarkable organizations transcend the ordinary and become
extraordinary. How many of you could get really excited if your networking
groups that you belong to, the company that you work for, the organization that
you lead, how many of you could get really excited to know the secret to being
extraordinary in one single mind shift? It's super simple. Start with why I was
born out of Simon Sinek's curiosity for why some people, some organizations are
amazing, influential, why they command absolute customer loyalty in a way that
ordinary organizations just don't. And in a 20-minute TEDx talk on the subject
posted on YouTube, he talked about this start with why. Normally I would set up a
screen and we do all the visuals, but technology is not always my friend. So if
it's okay with you, what I'd like to do is my own version of Simon Sinek's TED
talk. Is that alright? Okay. So every single company, every single organization on
the planet knows what they do. This is true no matter how big or how small and
no matter what industry you're in. Everyone is easily able to describe the
product or service their company sells or the job that they do. The what is
super easy to identify. Some companies go beyond that and they know how they do
things. They know how they do things. This is his golden circle. We got a what?
We got a how. Whatever you call it, you could call it your
differentiating value proposition or your proprietary process or your unique selling
process. How's can be elusive, but they're often confused with why someone should buy
from you. Right? Often confused with why someone should buy with you. But your how
doesn't make you really make you different and it doesn't really make you better.
It's not as obvious as a what? It's a little more subtle than a what? But a lot of people think
that they're differentiating or motivating people to come do business with them based on the how.
The problem with the how and Simon Sinek doesn't go into this, but the problem with the how
is really all the how does is tell the consumer what their level of compliance is.
Right? Is it do it yourself? Is it do it with a consultant? Is it done for you? Right?
The how really just talks about what is the customer's role in getting the result that they're
looking for and getting the what? The secret, the secret to all of this is the why.
The secret to your marketing, the secret to your success, the secret to your magnetic
client attraction lies in your why. Very few people and very few organizations really take the
time to dig in deep and discover that why and they take very little time to gain clarity around
it or articulate what that why is. And your why is not to make money and your why is not to help people.
Your why is not to make money. That's the purpose of business. The purpose of business is to make
money. It's to take a raw material, add value to it and charge money. That's the purpose of business.
But what's your personal purpose? That's a whole different story.
Why is your purpose, your cause, your belief? Why does your organization exist at all?
Why do you get out of bed every morning and do what you do? And why should we care?
Why should we care that you got out of bed to do what you do?
Sinek uses Apple computers as the example and if Apple were an ordinary company the message
would sound something like this. We make computers. They're beautifully designed,
user-friendly and help you be productive. What one? How many computer companies market just like
that? We see them every day. We open up the best by circular and how do we buy that laptop
on price? Because there's no why. It's uninspiring. Apple, on the other hand, puts this marketing message
on its ear. It turns it upside down and it says, listen, everything we do, everything we are,
everything we hope to create in the world is about innovation. We challenge the status quo.
Don't tell me it can't be done because if you tell me it can't be done, I'm going to go out
and I'm going to do it. I'm unapologetic about my innovation.
We believe in thinking differently and the way we do that is by creating beautifully designed
user-friendly products that assist your productivity and it happens to be a computer.
Apple doesn't just reverse the order of the information. This is not just about the marketing
message. I think you'll agree with me. The very first Apple commercial, I don't know how many of you
remember it. It's a big hallway and there's a bunch of people, they're all in gray jumpsuits,
like hooded, they look like loose suits, right? They're all gray and they're all sitting in
gray chairs in a gray room with a gray floor and everything's gray and in walks this woman in red,
like a little red short skirt and her go-go boots and that's Apple. They live to innovate,
they challenge the status quo, but they live it. It's a cause, it's a purpose. People see it,
you see it expressed in the product and what is the one thing Apple never competes on?
Price, you can like Apple, you cannot like Apple, you can buy Apple or not buy Apple.
When somebody makes a choice to buy a PC, does Apple cry? Oh, they want to be my customer,
they're like thank goodness because they're not my customer. Apple knows who their customer is,
it's people who think like they think, believe what they believe and hold their value. It's the
kind of message that it really inspires people to line up around blocks, get the new iPhone,
whatever and spend hundreds of dollars getting new docs. When the iPhone 5S came out, all I could
think was not only do I have to invest in another $600 phone, but I got to get the doc and the
cord and the pageant thing for my car and everything changed. Most people who are Apple enthusiasts
did not think about that. They went yay, innovation, hooray, they're unconcerned with the price of
innovation. They know that they're going to buy the innovative product right now, the newest,
greatest, most creative thing and then what are they going to do? They're going to get the next one.
In fact, I have to tell you, I don't know if you guys know about this, but Verizon Wireless just
started realizing that they hadn't been capitalizing on this process of innovation. So you know what
they went to? It's so awesome. You rent your phone. So they take the $600 and they divide it up,
right? And you pay this monthly rent on your phone. And at any time, you can just send that phone
back and get the newest latest, greatest one for the appropriate monthly fee. No more hanging on
your phone for two years and waiting for your upgrade. Yeah, no, just rent your phone. My kids were
like, I'm in. I said, guys, $30 a month times 24 months is $720. But if you lock into the contract,
it's $199. They're like, I don't care. Because in three months, I want the newest, latest,
greatest, the iPhone 6 is coming out and I want to make sure I can get it. Verizon got smart.
They're the first one in the market to do it. And guys, when you're the first one to say it,
you own it. A million other people can say they're innovative. They can't have it. Apple already
got it, right? Nordstrom got customer service. Walmart got low prices. If you're the first to claim
it, you're the first to be it. We buy MP3 players from Apple. We call them iPods. Did you know that
Apple was not the inventor of the MP3 player? Does anyone know who was the inventor?
Dell. Dell was like, oh, mobile storage with X amount of gig. And there is like, I don't need that.
I don't need mobile storage with like four gig of mobile storage. I don't need that, right? Who
needs that? But you know what Apple said? Put a thousand songs in your pocket. How many of you
had cassettes? How many of you had the boxes of cassettes? Every cassette had maybe 10 to 12 songs.
So you needed a hundred cassettes and you would lug them around in a suitcase, right? Trying to
take all your thousand songs with you. But they weren't, yes, and I did have eight tracks.
Absolutely. How many of you loved around the car full of eight tracks, right? Oh, yeah, you go, right?
So really the Walkman, the Sony Walkman was like, wow, right? All of this stuff is amazing. But Apple
figured it out. People didn't want storage. What did they want? Music. They wanted portable music.
So Apple got it. And this is what I'm hoping you'll get as well. Not only do we have to know our why.
I want to be innovative. We have to know the consumers why for the purchase. It's not only about
our why, but it's about their unique buying proposition, if you will. I have a colleague and
referral institute, Brennan Scanlon, who does a whole training session on your unique buying
proposition. And I think it's a brilliant concept. Apple makes their belief tangible.
Apple makes their belief tangible. You can see the innovation. You can feel the
innovation. Hey, every other day, they're like new operating system download. For me, that's
annoying. Like just give me one operating system and quit changing stuff up because every time it
changes, I'm confused, right? I'm an old school kind of gal. But for those of you who love innovation,
it's the coolest thing ever, right? That you can get these downloads. You know who followed suit,
just followed suit six months ago. Microsoft. Now you can buy the Microsoft office package,
or you can buy a license and they'll send you downloads and updates every, right? So you don't,
so now you don't have to buy a whole new up. It's just like in the in the product price. Brilliant.
My dad was a successful entrepreneur. And for more than 30 years, he employed more than 19 men and
women and provided salaries and benefits that supported their 19 families. He never missed a payroll.
He never missed a tax payment. Never made a late bill. He's 84 years old now and he's been a small
business owner for more than half of his life. It all started in 1968. He was working in corporate
America. My dad was a sailor, by the way. And there was a corporate merger and his company was
bought out by the competitor. And you all know what happens. Has anybody been merged out? Right?
Downsized, right? A lot of people lose their jobs in those mergers because it's about creating
new efficiencies. But they were going to keep my dad. My dad was an upper level manager and my dad
being the guy he is said, sir, if they go, I go, a captain never, a captain stays with his ship.
And they said, great, John, and handed him a box. And he went out looking for a new job. And
he found one was in Texas. Does anybody remember the movie The Stefford Wives? Do you remember that movie?
Well, you know, that was really based on a corporate culture model, right? And so they told my dad
where he would live. They told him what kind of car he was going to drive. They told him what private
schools we were going to go to. They bought him the membership at the country club. It was kind of
like that John Grisham novel, the firm, right? And my dad being the independent soul that he is
was like, oh, no, no, no one is going to tell me where to live, what to eat, what to buy, where
my kids go to school, where I, you know, nobody's telling me that. I come by it honestly. So, you
know, that is the, that's just the reality of his life. And so what he realized was that if a
company would hire him to build a million dollar sales division, why not just open a million
dollar company, right? If some firm was going to pay him to do it, why would he just figure it
out for himself? And so my dad decided to be an entrepreneur. But entrepreneurism you will
agree sometimes comes with sacrifices, doesn't it? We often don't get the freedom we thought we were
going to get when we hung the shingle on the door. We want the freedom from corporate America,
which is the freedom from direction, from being bossed around, from being told when we can take
vacation, when we can't take vacation, when to come in, when to leave. If you're going to work
weekends, if you're not going to work weekends, we're not really excited about that. So we hang
the shingle out and we, we don't know what we don't know. And we often get caught up because we're
in that Michael Gerber Emeth thing, right? We're really good technicians, we know what we do.
But then running the business and marketing the business are two aspects that maybe we haven't
had a lot of experience with. And so it's very, very difficult to do that. So my most predominant
memories of a child, as a child of my dad, were really two trips that we took. I was six
years old. He took me on a trip to Canada. I remember two things about that trip to Canada. Red,
patent leather, Mary Jane's. Apparently I left them in the hotel and someone put them in a box
and shipped them back to us. Those were the days. And there was a pool. Now at six years old,
I didn't know how to swim, but I wanted to know how to swim. I wanted to go in the pool and play
with those kids. It was Canada, you guys, in March. Why any motel on the planet would have a pool
open in Canada in March. I don't know, but that slide looked so fun. And I remember getting to
the top of the slide. My dad tells a story of what happened after, which was he hit the water
before I did. And he said, never again. Don't do that. But it was a big joke. Like, yeah,
she got me in the pool, all right? Right? I've always had him around my, I've had him around
my little finger. He's like, you can always get me to do what she wants me to do. And the other
one, which is a really cute story, is my dad, I think I was eight or nine years old. And he,
my dad was a professional dog show judge as a hobby. So when you see that, the TV show where
they're at Westminster, and there's a guy, yeah, my dad did that. My dad was actually on that TV
show about 10 years ago. So he was a professional dog show judge, and there was a dog show in California,
and he thought, what a great opportunity to spend some time with my daughter, take her to Disney.
I remember riding the teacups, but here's my predominant memory of that. It was getting off the plane,
and there was a bus, and we had to catch the bus. And if we didn't catch the bus, we were going to,
like, have to wait in the airport for three hours, right? But I had to go to the bus,
and I'm nine, and I have to go. And somebody does, like, we don't have time to go. And he like,
grabs me, he's got all the bags, and we're running through the airport. And I'm like,
he gets me on the bus, and he's like, just hold it, just hold it, just hold it. So we're sitting on
the bus, and the whole bus ride, he's like, just hold it, just a little more, honey, just hold it
a little more, just a little more, just a little more. And I'm like, we get to the hotel, and he's like,
bathroom, and he like picks me up, and he runs me to the bathroom. And all I remember is him telling
ever, I come out of the bathroom, and he's like, and she had to pee the entire time. I'm so proud
of her. She held it, whatever I thought. Then I saw that movie, Sible, and I was like,
ah, you know, so, you know, that's great, right? I have these two awesome memories of my dad,
that's like where it is. That's where it ends. It's really where it ends, because my dad's life
is an entrepreneur looked like this, wake up in the morning, have breakfast, two eggs over,
easy, two strips of bacon, piece of toast. It was all cooked in my mother's avocado green,
Kenmore skillet, who had those? Remember this? Yeah, okay. Teflon. And so we ate breakfast,
and at 7.15 I got on the bus. My dad went to work, he did whatever he did, came home for dinner,
we had dinner at six o'clock, you better be at the table, there was dinner for 15 minutes,
and then he either got in the car and went back to work, or my mom and my brother and I piled
in the car, and we drove into the train station, and he'd take the train into New York, and he'd
work all night, because he rented computer time at the company that had fired him.
Okay, and that's when he processed the reports and did the work. Then he would get on the train,
he would come home at five o'clock, my mother would pick me up, put me in the back of the station
wagon with my teddy bears and my sleeping bag, and we'd go get daddy at the train station,
and then we'd eat breakfast, two eggs, two pieces of bacon, a piece of toast, all cooked in the
avocado green skillet, and the day would start again. My dad slept in a lazy boy chair in our
living room for most of his life. To this day, I went home to visit them two weeks ago, my dad
is still sleeping in a lazy boy chair in the living room. I grew up feeling pretty abandoned by my
dad, and it wasn't so, it just wasn't so easy, because I felt really ignored, and I felt really
unimportant, and I felt like the job meant more, right? His job meant more than I could ever mean.
He missed violin concerts, he missed singing concerts, he missed plays, he missed it all,
and I was angry. My mother kind of had a thing, like a nervous breakdown thing, and so that was
that was out the window. By the time I was 14, I was just a hot mess, and that's when I developed
that eating disorder, because I wanted somebody to look at me, I wanted to be seen, I wanted to be
noticed, and in fact, I wanted to be, it was so interesting, because I wanted to be noticed,
but I was shrinking. I got down to 89 pounds. I was, I was making myself invisible, because I felt
so invisible, and hoping someone would notice that I was, that I was dying, and that they would
pay attention, and they never did. I got lucky, a guy for, to whom I will be forever grateful,
his name is Al Kovacs, he was a chemistry teacher, and he said to me, no one will marry a broomstick,
you need to eat this Danish, and every day he would call me, I would meet him in his office,
and he would give me a cheese Danish and a milkshake every single morning, and then, and then follow
me around school to make sure that I didn't, you know, make myself sick. And it was, it was a really,
really hard time, and I grew up, most of my life really resenting my dad, you know, resenting my
dad for how my mom was reacting, it was just a whole, a whole bag of resentment, feeling
unimportant, feeling invisible, feeling insignificant, and then I had my first child. Oh God, she's so
beautiful, my Nicole, she's one of Chelsea's besties I think, right? You know, my beautiful Nicole,
and I held her in my arms, and I thought, no one, no one could not want to love a child, like,
I was ready to give her my breath, if they had said, your breath are hers, I would have said hers,
right? You give her the breath, I don't need the breath, give her the breath. And I realized that
my parents had to love me the same way, and I talked to my dad about it, and I called him on the
phone, and I said, I just don't understand why you chose them, why did you choose that, why did you
choose work, and all those other people, and all those other things, why didn't you choose me,
choose me, choose me. And he said, poof, man, I had a lot of regrets. You know, when you won
those silver medals in that twirling competition, and I wasn't there, man, I regretted that.
And when you sat second chair, first violin, and that state orchestra concert, and I didn't make
that, because I was working, gosh, I beat myself up over that. And when you had the Girl Scout
trophy, and the this, and the that, and got the awards, and was in the play, and I missed all that,
and oh, man, I really regretted that. And he said, this is the biggest regret I've ever been
handed in my entire life, that you would think that I didn't want to be there, that you didn't
matter enough, that the reason I wasn't there is because you didn't matter. The reason I wasn't
there is because you mattered everything. And I wanted you to have everything that I never had.
And I said, you know what, daddy, I just wanted you. And he said, I never knew.
I never knew. So of course, my dad and I have made total peace, love him, he's a grumpy old fool,
you know, but I love the death, and he grumps that I go, yes, you're welcome, grumpy old man, and
we've got it, we've got a great relationship, and it's a beautiful relationship.
But the thing that happened to me that really prompted me was the day that my daughter Megan
decided that she wasn't going to play the trumpet anymore. And she made it about a lot of things,
but I knew in my heart of my hearts, it was because I was missing all of her concerts. I wasn't
getting to them. I couldn't get away. I was working in the no child left behind thing, and those
kids mattered more than my kid. That obligation mattered more than my own child. And when I,
when I woke up, and I thought, oh my gosh, history repeats itself, and I will tell you,
it will repeat itself, and repeat itself, and repeat itself, unless you wake up and take a look at it,
you know, you got to wake up and you got to take a look at it, and you got to know,
are you repeating the very things that hurt you most, or are you doing them to the people in your life?
Sometimes you just can't help yourself. It's like we get programmed for it, and it's up to us to
deprogram ourselves. And that was when I started really thinking about that, that's when this
referral opportunity showed up. And I think that's the really amazing thing about this.
When you start to get clarity, which we're going to do in just a minute, about your values,
and the beliefs, and the things that you want, and the person that you intend to be in the world,
when you start doing that, the opportunities just show up. And all you have to do is say yes.
Often we don't say yes, because we're too fearful to say yes. But man, the opportunities show up,
and all you have to do is just grab it and say yes, I'll do it. It was a big risk for me. You
guys, when I left Sylvan, I left six figures in a $70,000 bonus on the table. And six figures
and a bonus. In order to get the bonus, I would have had to have stayed till December, but then I
would have been right back in the cycle, because the cycle started in October. There was no way to get
the bonus without going back in. I had to leave that. Gone. Huge financial risk. But what I knew that
I knew was that I no longer wanted my kids to think that I could choose anyone else but them
in my life, because I wanted to feel chosen and they deserved that. And I had learned my lesson.
I believe that the reason we become entrepreneurs is because we love our families so much.
I know Deborah's got this beautiful relationship. It's a beautiful restorative relationship with
her mom. And I have restorative relationships with my parents and I have restorative relationships
with my children. And Angie got to bring Steve into the business and create, you know, really create
that lifestyle and that connection that we want to create in our lives. And I think we become
entrepreneurs because we're committed in some way to connecting, to valuing connection and compassion
over the material stuff. We love the material stuff. I mean, we love the material stuff, right?
Everybody likes a nice car. We like a nice home. We like all those things. But we really want
as a feeling. We want to feel something. We want to feel passionate. We want to feel connection.
We want to be in the zone. We want to do what we love. And that often comes with a sacrifice.
And the sacrifice is I don't know how to market as well as I should. I don't know how to manage
a business as well as I should. And so what I get stuck in is the Meyer of Numbers and go get a client.
Go get a client. Work the client. Finish with the client. Get another client. Work with the client.
Hunt a client. Hunt a client. I have no clients. I can't come home for dinner tonight, honey, because
I got to go find a client. There's a networking event. There might be a client there. I think I'm
going to go try to get that client. And so date night goes on the back burner. And exercise goes
on the back burner. And healthy eating goes on the back burner. And our kids go on the back burner.
And the dogs go on the back burner. Everything goes on the back burner. And we just get completely
insanely driven to get the next client. And the more driven we are to get the next client,
the more repellent, have you ever noticed that? The more the more desperate you are to get the
next deal, the more that deal just eludes you. The whole point of referral marketing, it starts with
relationship. It starts with knowing who you are, knowing what you think, valuing what you value,
and standing for that apple is unapologetic. They stand for innovation. You don't like innovation?
Okay. Trust me. I have plenty of people who don't want to be my client. Okay. I have plenty of
people who do. I'm not going to please everybody. I'm not going to be for everybody. And we have this
conversation yesterday in the workshop, the, accelerate your prosperity workshop with Angie.
Do you all have clients just want to fire? Why? Because they're a pain. Why are they a pain?
Because they don't think like you think. They don't believe what you believe. They don't value what
you value. And they don't, because they don't value what you value. They don't value you.
And there we go all over again. I'm not enough. I'm not good enough. I'm undervalued. I have no
value. No one values me. Right? They just feed right into that. And the truth is we all have
immense value. We were imbued with value when we got, when we got sent to the planet.
I don't know. We also took a forget pill or something. And then we have to come here and figure it
all out again. I'm not sure what that's all about. But the truth of the matter is you're all
fearfully and wonderfully made with these incredible talents and these incredible gifts. And your
gifts aren't for everybody. And if they're, if you're working with a person that isn't for you,
you got to, you got to kiss and bless them and send them off to the person that they are for.
Somebody out there wants that crazy client. Right? One of your competitors wants that crazy
client. Give them to them. That collaboration of I like clients who are like this. I like clients
who are that. And you can hear you take my crazy ones. I'll take your crazy ones. It's a beautiful,
beautiful thing. Okay? So listen, I'm not, I'm not advocating abandoning the dream of the lifestyle
that you want, the travel. Some of you want to travel. Some of you want to nest in and have a
beautiful home. Some of you want to drive the latest greatest red Cadillac CTS. Right? For whatever
it means, you want something. And I think you should have it. But not at the expense
of the people you love the most. No one goes to their grave thinking, man, I wish I just updated
the kitchen. Who thinks that? Don, I never had that car. What do we think? I didn't spend enough
time with my sister. I missed my mom. Where's my best friend? We think we're all going to be around
tomorrow. I'm not sure you were not. So prioritizing the people in your life is very important.
Dr. Ivan Meisner just co-authored a networking version of the book, Who's In Your Room?
The premise of that is if you had a door, you're in a room and you have a door and everyone
you let in will never leave. If you let them in, you're stuck with them. Who would you remove
from your room immediately? You have one hour to get all the people you don't want to live with
for the rest of your life to the exit. Who's in your room? Well, the only way to know
who to let in your room is to have criterion. Wouldn't you agree? We're not selective enough.
You can have some criterion about what you get to be in my room. You know, it's have a swing
indoor people in and out. You invite people in. You invite people to your table.
The only way to know that you guys is to know who you are and what you value. And that's what we're
going to do next.
