Welcome back to the goals that matter five day challenge it is day five and we are going to put the finishing touches on your goal setting by calculating the one number that will make the most difference for your business knowing this one number will set you on the path to the time affluence financial freedom and impact you desire.
I am so glad you made this commitment to yourself your business and your community.
I am Virginia Muskees the referral diva your coach over the past several days you've calculated your needy goal your greedy goal and your mad make a difference goal combined they are your goal that matters and today I'm going to share with you exactly how that goal is going to help you inspire your prospects to do business with you.
It will motivate your best clients to refer you and it will encourage your top centers of influence to introduce you to their clients over the competition time and time again.
Listen I was super impacted by the make a difference goals that were shared yesterday and I know that collectively with the help of your networks so many lives are about to be changed.
So how is it that having a mad make a difference goal helps your business well do you remember on day one I shared with you that your goals show up as energy in your sales conversations and how you feel about your goals will largely determine how your prospects feel about doing business with you.
Well when you focus on the needy goals or the greedy goals your prospects clients and referral sources feel your scarcity your need becomes a threat to their security.
Each and every day your amygdala the most primitive part of your brain gives you one single mandate just don't die and this do not die guy as I like to call him sits on your shoulder all day every day scanning your environment for potential threats.
In our modern society money is the metaphor for survival and when we have enough of it whatever that number is our don't die guy is satisfied and he relaxes.
When an anxious needy salesperson shows up it takes don't die guy less than a single second to perceive him as a threat.
He wants our money is the same thing is he wants to kill us that guy that's all about the money that prefer be all used car salesman stereotype is don't die guys worse nightmare depending on how your prospect client or referral sources wired they will shut down avoid you leave the scene as quickly as possible or get defensive and even aggressive.
Have you ever personally felt that way on the receiving end of a sales conversation or have you ever noticed someone behaving like that during a sales conversation with you.
It's not exactly the kind of response that leaves people feeling seen and heard and supported and trusting enough to make a decision to invest with us.
But when we focus on our make a difference goal the exact opposite happens our prospects clients and referral sources get curious they they lean in and they're excited about what we're up to and they see our generosity and they trust that we aren't after their money.
No we're focused on making a difference and doing something bigger than we alone can do we become leaders that offer a way for our prospects to get their needs met and make a difference alongside of us.
Recently I was at a very large live event it was three days invested in getting to know business owners and create relationships that could lead to revenue down the road.
When people ask me what do you do my standard answer was well I'm committed to ending world poverty by helping six figure solopreneurs build amazing businesses that fuel their passions and fund their dreams.
Then I tithe time talent and a portion of my revenue to ten by three a nonprofit that turns artisans in Africa and Asia into entrepreneurs we literally create economies of scale where there was before dust.
And the organization has literally graduated thousands of artisans into prosperity.
Do you see how that might inspire curiosity and trust during the live event people literally lined up to learn about my business in ten by three and wanted to know how they could help me.
It's possible that some of you promoted the challenge and are even taking the challenge because of those conversations by incorporating your game changing make a different school into your marketing plan.
You are letting people know that you are up to something more significant than just paying your bills and living the luxury lifestyle.
Sure you enjoy some time affluence and financial freedom but you are a person of influence a leader who is selflessly up to something significant in the world.
You are striving to have an impact and you are taking your tribe along with you.
Now here's the rub. If you do not actually deliver on your make a different school or at least make proactive progress towards the contributions you've committed to the goals that matter process ceases to be a game changer for your business in the world.
The lack of congruence negatively impacts your integrity and your energy and the very goal that was meant to create powerful results for your business and your passion project will be perceived by others.
As manipulation instead of influence.
So today we're going to break out the calculators one last time and make sure you know exactly what you must do in order to deliver on your make a different school.
It all boils down to this. You need to know how many sales conversations you must have with qualified prospects in order to reach the revenue goals that allow you to pay your expenses, live your life with a little more ease and comfort and make that difference in the world.
And we're going to figure that out right now.
Now there are a couple of numbers we need to flesh out first. You're going to need access to your calendar, a list of the new clients you onboarded in the last 12 months.
And let's see a list of your total clients that you served in the last 12 months and how much each one paid you.
I usually find that by running a QuickBooks report or pulling some sort of a report from my PayPal and merchant services accounts.
Now we are going to do some math today and I hope that you'll just stick with me line item by line item. There are four basic calculations we're going to do.
And I've even included a worksheet for you today so that there will be no freezing, no fleeing and no fighting. Got it? You've got this.
Just take a deep breath in. Let it out. Are you ready? Great. Let's go.
Our first step is to determine the average annual value of a client. You don't want to get stuck in the weeds, nickel and diamond yourself.
But you do want to have a solid idea of what you can expect to generate in revenue each time you onboard a new client.
Start with your revenue for the last 12 months. This should be easy. We determined it way back on day one.
Now, how many active clients did you serve in the last 12 months? An active client is a client that paid you money during the 12 month time period.
So maybe your list is in QuickBooks, maybe it's on a spreadsheet, maybe it's just in your calendar. However you can find the data, go find it, create a list of the people you worked for and start counting.
However you get the number, it's all good. And now for the math.
We're going to calculate the value of a client by dividing the gross revenue from last year by the number of active clients who generated that revenue.
Here's an example. If I earned $50,000 in revenue and there were 20 clients who paid me, I simply divide the gross revenue by the total number of active clients and I get $2,500.
That would be the 12 month value of one single client.
Now, step two. How many clients does it take to make a difference?
Well, the first thing you need to do is remember your mad goal from yesterday. In our example, it was $117,000.
Now, divide your mad goal by the value of a client that we just calculated. In our example, $117,000 divided by $2500 is $46.8.
And of course, we'll just round that up to $47. That is the new number of clients we would need in this example in order to meet the make a difference commitment.
So far so good. Great. We've got just a couple more calculations to do. So take a breath and stick with me.
Our third step is to determine our close ratio. That is, what percentage of new clients do we onboard from all of the sales conversations that we do?
Here's how we'll calculate it. Take a look at your client list and highlight the ones that were new in the last 12 months.
So that's going to be some portion of the active clients. You're just looking for the new clients that started with you in the last 12 months.
Now, take a look at your calendar and count up the number of sales conversations you had in that same time period.
Once you have those two numbers, the math is pretty simple. You just divide the number of new clients that you onboarded in the last 12 months by the total number of sales conversations you had in the last 12 months. And you will come up with a decimal.
For example, if I had 50 sales conversations and 10 people became my client, 10 sales divided by 50 conversations, my close ratio is .2.
And now we are going to calculate the number you've been waiting for.
How many prospects will you need to work with in order to make a difference?
We will calculate this by dividing the number of deals you just calculated or the number of new clients you need, 47 new clients.
By your close ratio, in my example, .2, when I divide 47 by .2, I get 235 conversations. That is the make a difference action plan.
So there you have it, the magic number that will be your focus for the next 12 months so that you can absolutely track and deliver on your make a difference commitment.
When you are using your business to change the world, your energy shifts.
You can shift your energy from need and greed to selfless generosity and others are going to want to come along for that ride.
Your business will become an inspiration that magnetizes the right people to you so you can have the life you dreamed of when you chose the entrepreneur's journey.
No more scarcity, no more lack, just a focus on changing the world.
Now for your final homework assignment.
Once you've completed the calculations, write the number of sales conversations you are committed to having on a Post-it note and put it somewhere visible in your home and office where you'll see it multiple times a day.
Then take a picture of it and post that picture in the Get Connected Facebook group.
Now I've got some things to share with you before we end the challenge and don't worry about remembering all of this.
We will follow up with an email and post the details in the Get Connected Facebook group and Devabot will remind you but I just want to let you know what's going on.
First of all, many of you have contacted me letting me know that you got derailed.
Somewhere during the week, life happened and you weren't able to finish.
Maybe you're one of the folks that emailed me and said, oh my gosh, I couldn't even get started. The week was crazy.
Well look, it's totally okay.
I totally get it. I have busy weeks too.
I'm going to go ahead and give everybody the weekend to finish watching the videos that you didn't watch and posting your homework assignments and still have an opportunity to win the grand prize.
Let me tell you, this grand prize is worth literally thousands of dollars.
It is worth doing the work and getting your name into the drawing, let alone the value of having a business that is going to inspire others to do business with you.
So remember this, once the challenge is over, access to the videos will be gone.
So if this is something you want to get done, now's the time to act.
I will be hosting a Facebook Live on Sunday evening to answer any final questions you have about the goal that matters process and to do the grand prize drawing.
So keep your eye on the Facebook group and your inbox for specific details.
Next, if you're anything like I was back in the day getting started, knowing how many conversations I needed was all well and good.
Sometimes it felt like a no-brainer, right? But gosh darn it, I couldn't figure out where to find the people to have the conversations with and that was a big frustration too.
Have you ever felt that way? Pretty sure you have.
I really don't want to leave you hanging. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to hold two masterclasses next week via Zoom.
The first one is my failure pipeline with these masterclasses. I've been delivering this masterclass for about 10 years and it is absolutely game changing.
We'll explore the three most massive mistakes I've seen solopreneurs make that keep them overworked, overwhelmed and struggling to cross the six figure finish line.
And more importantly, we'll look at what it takes to avoid those mistakes so that we can have the conversations we need to make the difference that we desire.
I'll also be holding a new masterclass. It's called the six figure success formula masterclass where you'll discover exactly what's holding you back from reaching your goals and what your absolute next right step is in clearing the path to success.
I've done dozens of these conversations privately and now I'm bringing it to you guys as a group.
The dates, times and details will be in the Facebook group and will also be sending them to you via email and through diva bot.
You also definitely want to be there for that session because it's also going to make a monumental difference in your success.
While my friends, this may be the end of the goals that matter challenge, but I hope it's just the beginning of your quest to grow a business that fuels your passions, funds your dreams and has massive impact in the world.
Remember to do the homework, you know, write the number of sales conversations you're committed to having on a post it note and put it somewhere where you'll see it multiple times a day.
Then take a picture of it and post the picture in the get connected Facebook group and we'll enter your name into the day five drawing.
I truly hope this has been a valuable experience for you and I look forward to continuing to support you as you accomplish amazing things.
You have changed the way you think about your goals, your business and your work in the world and it will make all the difference when you act.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence is not an act, but a habit and the world needs your excellence.
So from the bottom of a very grateful heart, thanks for playing in the space with me.
It has been my honor to lead you through this process and I hope to see you sometime here in the Lou in the meantime until we meet again, be remarkable.
