Hey, welcome to the goals that matter five day challenge, where I will be sharing with
you how you can set powerful goals that not only keep you motivated in challenging times,
but also have the power to inspire your ideal clients to choose you over the competition
time and time again.
My name is Virginia Muskees, and my passion is to help six-figure solo-prenures build
businesses that not only fuel their passions and fund their dreams, but also have massive
impact on the communities where they live and serve.
Now, hopefully, the person who referred you here has told you a little bit about me, so
I won't use our short time together sharing my story and my own personal history, but
if you're even the least bit curious about how I became the referral diva, you can check
out episode zero of my business by referral podcast and find out the entire scoop.
But for now, let's get started.
I know that you're here because you want to join the 10% of entrepreneurs who stay motivated
to increase their income, their influence, and their impact no matter what.
You want to finally step off that revenue roller coaster once and for all and start
experiencing the time, affluence, and the financial freedom you had in mind when you decided
to serve the world with your expertise.
And the very first step is to know your starting point.
Imagine for a moment you're waiting on a friend, your phone rings, and it's her, hey,
how do I get there?
She asks, how do you answer?
Well, most likely, it's with a question.
Well, where are you?
You see, knowing how to chart the course largely depends on an awareness of knowing where
you're at at the present moment.
And in business, that means knowing your numbers.
Because setting goals before taking a good, hard, honest look at those numbers is like giving
your friend directions without knowing where she's coming from.
So, we're going to take a look at some cash flow basics.
At the most fundamental level, we need to focus on at least three numbers.
Any in, for the purposes of your goals that matter, you'll be looking at your gross
sales, new sales, plus repeat sales, plus any recurring revenue you might have.
Then we're going to consider money out, your business expenses.
What did you spend in order to keep your business running?
And then finally, whatever's left over, that is, you're not profit, or for most solo
prenoors, our personal income.
Now, the problem is that far too many of us just hope that the latter, you know, the
money that's left over will end up being enough to pay our household bills.
It is a totally stressful way to plan and what's worse, the energy around it is quite literally
a client repellent.
No one invests in the energy of desperate.
So keeping yourself in the trap of hoping that after you pay your expenses, you can pay
your household bills, definitely negatively impacts your sales conversion.
If this sounds really familiar to you, well, let's get that fixed right now because
hope and pray is not a particularly effective strategy in building a business for impact.
I want you to just take a minute right now and imagine close your eyes and see yourself
living life on your terms just the way you planned it.
Each and every month you look at your revenue and you see your sales increasing and what's
more, every single sale you make feels like a life you have truly changed.
Let it sink in you making a difference.
You examine your expenditures and swell with pride knowing that every dollar you spent
was invested in the growth of your business, your network, or yourself, nothing wasted.
Your commitment to your goals, the goals that matter have infused you with the courage
and the confidence and the power to make smart choices.
And what's left over, that net profit, your personal income, well, that is more than
enough for you to meet your needs, afford your personal luxuries, and most importantly,
invest in others.
And it just keeps growing.
Going into that feeling, is it pride, or maybe it's joy, perhaps it's peace, or maybe
it's some good old down home satisfaction?
No matter what that is, are you ready to create that in your life?
Well great, then let's get started.
Your first homework assignment is to locate a 12 month income statement.
If you're using some sort of accounting software like QuickBooks, all you need to do is
run a 12 month profit and loss statement.
Maybe you're using a spreadsheet to keep track.
That's okay.
Just grab it and let's go.
Maybe that information is located in your tax return.
Or hey, maybe you just need to download 12 months of bank statements, get a calculator,
do some math, and get started.
However you locate your information is perfectly fine.
Now once you have that in hand, calculate these three numbers.
What were your gross sales in the last 12 months?
And what were your total business expenses in the last 12 months?
Subtract the total expenses from the gross sales.
What was your income for the last 12 months?
Now take a look at that number, that net profit or income number.
And on a scale of one to ten, one being not at all, and ten being over the moon completely,
how satisfied would you be if your past 12 month net profit number stayed exactly the
same over the next 12 months?
Let me say it again.
On a scale of one to ten, one being not at all.
And ten being completely over the moon, how satisfied would you be if your past 12 month
net profit number stayed the same over the next 12 months?
Once you have your satisfaction score and you're ready to take the next step, write
that number on a full size sheet of paper and take a picture of you holding your sign,
then post it in the Get Connected Facebook group.
I cannot wait to see where you're at.
Now remember, each day when you complete your goals that matter challenge homework, your
name will be entered into a drawing for a daily prize.
And check it out, the person who refers you will also win the prize when you win the prize.
No, be sure to do your homework each and every day so your name gets put in the drawing.
And until we meet again tomorrow, be remarkable.
