Welcome back to the goals that matter five day Facebook challenge.
We're on day four of setting powerful goals that not only keep you motivated and challenging times,
but also have the power to inspire your ideal prospects to do business with you.
Motivate your best clients to refer you to friends and family and encourage your top
centers of influence to refer you over the competition time and time again.
You know me, I'm Virginia Muskie, so referral diva and your coach.
And today we're going to finish up the revenue portion of your goals that matter process
by choosing a mad goal. So what's a mad goal? Well, it's a goal that makes a difference.
I've always been wired for impact and from the earliest times I can remember,
I cared about helping others who were less fortunate. I volunteered at food pantries,
sold stationary and donated the money to local homeless shelters,
and volunteered with severely mentally handicapped adults at a state school for the impaired.
About 15 years ago, I had set up a display of Mary Kate Cosmetics at a local cancer
walk and plan to donate the profits from my sales back to the cancer society.
And the 10th next to mine was a woman who had a display of these beautiful handwoven baskets
from Africa. They were lovely and they they really caught my eye. I struck up a conversation with
this gal. Her name is Teresa Carrington and she told me the story of her nonprofit, the blessing
basket. I won't get into lots of detail here because I can just post a link to her TEDx talk
in the Get Connected group so you can hear her story firsthand. But suffice it to say that the
call on her life in the mission in front of her were so compelling that I was inspired to help her.
That Christmas at every Mary Kate show I hosted, I proudly displayed the baskets and I sold a heck
of a lot of baskets. Precious little lipstick, but a lot of baskets. And I didn't really care
because Teresa is just that compelling. Now when I left Mary Kate organization I lost touch
with Teresa. I ran into her here and there and we ended up in a chapter of the women president's
organization together. She offered me a seat on her board and I politely declined. I continued
to donate and work the annual warehouse sale but I was never really all in until about a year and
a half ago it was November of 2018 the B&I organization held their very first global convention
ever to be held outside the US in Bangkok Thailand. Bangkok was an impressive city but it wasn't
until after the convention was over when we did some sightseeing afterwards that the power of
blessing basket and Teresa's work hit home for me. Our first stop was Puget. It's an island to
the south of Bangkok and the sand was rocky and the water lovely and the sunsets were a wonder
to behold. The nightlife of Patong Beach was another story. To the average tourist it was just an
odd loud bustling strip of bars and clubs and brothels in disguise but to one who has a discerning
eye the sex trafficking was abundant and nauseating. As I walked down the street and I looked at the
young girls dressed up to look like women hanging on poles dancing on top of bars with glazed
looks in their eyes I was struck by how utterly powerless I felt to make a difference.
These girls were someone's daughters and they were being bought and sold for the price of a beer
and there was absolutely nothing nothing I could do about it in the moment.
Then we headed up to the mountain regions of Chang Mai and Chang Rai and we landed at the Golden
Triangle which is where Laos, Myanmar and Thailand all meet. It is also the place where the
Kayan people are refugees it's where their settlement is. These are the famous long neck people
that have graced the cover of Geographic National Geographic magazine. They're from Myanmar.
These beautiful people, refugees according to our tour guide had been given by the grace of the
king, lovely land that they could use to raise fruit on and so escape the violent poppy trade.
But what I saw was starvation and dust and desperation.
While I had been committed to supporting the blessing basket which is now rebranded as 10
by 3.org. I tithe time and talent and money. What I witnessed brought me back to the US with
an all-in commitment that caused me to call Teresa and immediately accept that seat on the board.
And I am now wholly dedicated to using my business as a vehicle for answering the call alongside
this courageous woman and her amazing team to put an end to world poverty in any measure I can.
The UN deems global poverty to be less than $1.90 a day. What does that mean? It means that globally
speaking you would be considered poor if you earned less than $693.50 a year. I want you to think about
that living on less than $2 a day. This is why sons and daughters are trafficked.
Their parents simply cannot feed them and when the men come from the city and tell them that if
they send their children with him they can go get an education and have a better life.
And these desperate parents can't do anything else but believe it. But the truth of what happens to
these children is far from a fairytale and 10 by 3 is dedicated to ending this kind of atrocity
by attacking it at its source by paying our artisan's prosperity wages that far exceed fair trade.
10 by 3 turns artisans into entrepreneurs and creates economies of scales where previously
there was dust. So here's how I make a difference for every membership.
So here's how I make a difference for every membership in the referral alliance or the
referral alliance Platinum Mastermind I run. I offset a year of poverty for one of 10 by 3's
artisans. When a client stays with me for three years they will have built their business while
helping graduate a 10 by 3 artisan out of poverty. So your assignment for today is this.
Add at least 10% to your greedy goal. This is the money you will use to make a difference.
Your survival sales number plus your lifestyle number plus your make a difference number
is your make a difference revenue goal. Your goal that matters. Now examine your heart.
What matters to you? Where does the inequality and the injustice you see in the world grab you
by the throat and stab you in the heart? Is it poverty? Is it suicide? Addiction, homelessness,
animal cruelty, deforestation, pollution, sanitation, clean water? The list is endless.
But today you are charged to discern your call and decide where you will have an impact.
Now one note about this. Because I'm an entrepreneur and I believe so strongly that entrepreneurship
strengthens communities and creates value in a way that governments and corporations cannot
10 by 3 resonates with me because it teaches entrepreneurship as the model for freedom and
facilitates entrepreneurial success. My impact choice is in total alignment with my core values
and the work I do in the world, the way I make a living. I have a friend and Gordon
and runs whale and dolphin retreats. It would make sense that she might choose cleaning up the
oceans as her impact project. Jonathan conquered alcoholism. Now he supports a charity that focuses on
the prevention of alcohol and drug abuse. Do not be random about this. What you choose has to matter
to you in the core of your being. It has to be something that you will go to bat for even when
the nights have been short and nothing is going right and you feel, well, like desperation might
sit in. Whatever you choose, people in need are going to depend on you to succeed. You cannot let
yourself off the hook. You've got to make a serious commitment to making a serious difference.
So now your homework decide on what your impact project will be for the next 12 months
and then post this statement on the day for thread in the Get Connected Facebook group.
As a supporter of Insert the link to your organization's website,
I commit to contributing my time talent and at least 10% of my revenue goal of
add in that make a difference goal number to put the mission of the organization here. So mine
would sound something like this. As a supporter of 10by3.org, I commit to contributing my time
and talent and at least 10% of my revenue goal of 250,000 to ending poverty.
I am really looking forward to seeing you post your homework today.
I look forward to feeling your passion about your make a difference goals.
Now tomorrow's lesson is dedicated to discovering the one number you must know if you are going to
change the world. So join me tomorrow for day 5 of the goals that matter challenge and until then,
be remarkable.
