Welcome back to the goals that matter.
Five-day challenge.
I'm Virginia Muskees, thorough for all diva, your coach,
and can you believe we're just about halfway
through this challenge?
Congratulations on making it to day three.
I really want to acknowledge you for staying the course.
Woody Allen once said that 80% of his success
was just a matter of showing up,
and you've done that now three days in a row,
so way to go.
Give yourselves a high five, and tell yourself, good job.
And today, you get to dream.
Zero limits.
Today is the day you get to have whatever you want.
To do whatever you want to do.
To become whoever you want to become.
Today is the day you get to think about what you want
your future life to look like and feel like.
Now, I don't know for sure, but I'm imagining
some of you might be thinking, is she serious?
On day one, I took a look at last year's performance,
and it wasn't exactly something I want to repeat.
And yesterday, I took a look at my baseline sales goal,
and truth be told, they feel a little out of reach,
and I'm a little scared.
Now she wants me to dream big and believe in zero limits.
Yup, I do.
You see, years ago, I led a small organization
of about 30 people in a direct sales company.
And everything I went to, every training,
we were encouraged to dream big.
We were told we could have everything we wanted in life
if we just believed in ourselves,
and we're willing to work for it.
And we made gold posters and vision boards,
and I filled mine with pictures of luxury cars
and fabulous jewelry and trips.
Mostly, I was after the recognition
that winning the jewelry cars and trips would provide.
All the while, I was clinically depressed,
and desperately wanting to believe
that if I just wished it hard enough,
or worked at it hard enough,
or believed it strongly enough,
all of these things would magically appear,
and I would feel better.
And I confess that never happened.
That is back then.
Today, nearly two decades later,
the things I put on those posters are my reality.
And that is because I learned something very valuable
that I'm going to share with you today.
Today, we're going to talk about
what I call your greedy goals.
And just like you aren't needy
for wanting to meet your basic financial commitments,
you're not greedy for wanting to have
a few of the finer things in life.
But we do tend to feel that way about our desires
for affluence, abundance, and prosperity.
We want the luxury laptop lifestyle,
and at the same time, we question whether or not
we actually deserve it.
And I think you'll agree with me,
it is time to get out of that thought right.
So today, we're going to examine the top mindset mistake
and fix the corresponding goal setting gap
that serves as a barrier to our lifestyle goals.
Now, when I was in direct sales
with all those vision boards and those goal posters
hanging in my office,
I never really managed to manifest those things
in my life because I was programmed for scarcity
and that program was conflated with gratitude.
Gratitude for scarcity, how can that be?
Well, here's what I've learned over a decade
of working through this goal setting process
with hundreds of solopreneurs.
Most of the time the stuff we put on our vision boards
elude us because even though we dream
of these magnificent things,
we don't allow ourselves to have them
because we don't believe we deserve them.
And it just isn't true.
It's simply a subconscious program
that we have running in an endless silent loop
in the back of our minds.
Now, I'm not a psychologist, but I think this is how it happens.
When we're kids, we see something shiny and we want it.
And we say, mom, will you buy me that?
And mom or dad says, no, no, you cannot have that.
And we complain, please, but I want it, pretty please.
And then we hear the fateful words.
You need to be grateful for what you have.
Lots of people in the world go without.
I will venture to guess that each of us was told
at some point in our lives to stop wanting more than we have.
So when we start thinking about that new car,
that new kitchen, that vacation, the travel,
the new things, the finer things,
all of a sudden are subconscious set point
that threshold for what we believe we are allowed to have
will kick in and say, you shouldn't want to travel
or have a new car or enjoy a luxury lifestyle.
Be satisfied.
Other people are making it on much less.
Now, add to that that every single day
we are bombarded with all sorts of conflicting story lines
in the media and the movies about how rich people
don't pay their fair share,
how they are greedy and selfish and secretly miserable.
And Lord knows we don't want any of that, right?
We literally are programmed on a daily basis
to simultaneously want all that stuff
and not manifest it.
Because if we do, we will be vilified.
We will be the greedy, miserable, self-serving person
who doesn't pay his or her fair share.
So we take the advice of making the goal posters
and the vision boards, thinking we're programming
our subconscious or somehow getting ourselves ahead,
but we never bring up the subconscious messaging
for conscious evaluation so we get stuck.
And getting unstuck is what tomorrow is about.
But for today, we need to address the goal setting gap
that I made and that I've seen hundreds of entrepreneurs
make over and over again when it comes to setting goals.
We set the lifestyle vision,
but we pursue the survival sales goal.
We set the lifestyle vision,
but we pursue the survival sales goal.
And there is a simple fix for that.
Assign a reasonable dollar value to each thing
on the vision board.
I always add about 50% to whatever the lifestyle item
is going to actually cost to account for taxes and expenses
and whatever I might need to invest
in order to generate the extra income.
Then prioritize.
You see, the stuff on that vision board
isn't magically going to appear in a puff of smoke
out of nowhere all at once as we've been led to believe.
We've got to simply decide what we want most
and deal with that first one thing at a time.
Then we can move on to the next thing
and the next thing and the next thing.
And when we're well prioritized,
manifestation happens.
So let's get to business.
For today's homework, you'll need paper,
a pen, a highlighter, and a way to time yourself.
The first step is to take five minutes to brainstorm
everything you'd like to do have or be in the next five years.
Do not limit yourself.
Do not censor yourself.
When that little voice in your head comes up and says,
hey, you don't deserve that.
You should be grateful for what you have.
Answer it intentionally.
I am so grateful for everything that I have
and I still want this to and keep on going.
Step two, at the end of the five minutes,
reread your list.
Sit with it.
Feel in your body, the excitement level around each one
of those items.
Then grab your highlighter and select the three things
you feel most excited about.
The ones you want to accomplish first
before all the others.
Step three,
choose the one that you will give yourself permission
to do have or be in the next 12 months.
Choose the one thing of those three
that you will give yourself permission to do have or be
in the next 12 months.
Next, estimate how much will you need
to make that happen and add 50%.
For example, if the crews I want to go on
will cost me $10,000,
then my greedy goal number for that luxury is $15,000.
Make sense?
All right, last step.
You're going to add that greedy goal number
to your baseline sales goal.
For example, from yesterday,
if my personal expenses amount to $60,000,
and my business expenses amount to $42,000,
I add the $15,000 for my crews,
and my new sales goal number will be $117,000.
Make sense?
All right, now to be entered in today's prize drawing,
take a look at your vision list and post the picture,
that answers the question,
what is the gift you will give yourself this year?
So find me an image of that number one priority,
that thing you just added to your goal
and post it in the Facebook group.
Now, I want to applaud you for making it
to the halfway point in our challenge,
because tomorrow I'm going to show you how to literally
reprogram your subconscious,
so that you madly and passionately pursue your goals
without fear and without guilt.
So your business has the impact, you desire and deserve.
And there you have it, everybody.
We have completed another amazing day together.
Be sure you post that photo in the Facebook group,
so I can include you in the prize drawing.
Remember when you win,
the person who referred you into the group wins, too.
Thank you so much for playing in this space with me,
and until we meet again, tomorrow, be remarkable.
