Hey, welcome back to the goals that matter five day challenge.
As a community, we have committed to setting some clear and powerful goals that will not
only result in greater motivation during challenging times, but we'll also have the power to
motivate our ideal prospects to do business with us and inspire our clients to give us
referrals.
I am Virginia Muskees, the referral diva, and I'm super excited that you've decided to join
us on day two of the five day challenge.
I really want to pat you on the back and congratulate you for your commitment to yourself,
to your business, and above all, to the community that you serve.
Today we are going to take the first step in getting you off that revenue roller coaster
by setting realistic baseline sales goals for your business that reflect the minimum revenue
necessary to meet both your business needs and your personal household expenses.
Now before we get started, I want to talk to you just a little bit about why setting goals
that matter can make such a monumental shift in your business.
You see your goals show up in your world as energy, how you feel about yourself in relationship
to your goals, affects your thoughts, your beliefs, your actions, your habits, and ultimately
determines your success.
These feelings are guaranteed to either repel or engage prospects, clients, and referral
sources.
Now, there are three levels of goals we're going to be exploring during this challenge,
but today we're going to focus on what I call the needy goals.
Now listen, the reason I call them needy goals is not because it makes you needy to set
them, but because when we set them, we set them out of lack.
They are the survival goals, and if we don't hit them, we just know something awful will
happen.
We'll go into debt or the bank will repel our car or foreclose on our house and bankruptcy
seems to loom on the horizon.
And instead of inspiring us to take on the day, these goals fill us with constant fear and
anxiety.
They exhaust us, they weaken our immune systems, they make us sick.
And ultimately, it's all pretty darned unattractive.
If we aren't careful, we start to lose belief in ourselves.
We question our vision.
We begin to doubt the call that has been put on our lives, and ultimately we begin to
give up and the world misses out on our genius.
Attaching to our needy goals actually makes us feel less trustworthy.
After all, if we can't trust ourselves to pay our own bills, how can others trust
us to help them?
This subconscious, energetic sense of lack makes our prospects, clients and referral sources
avoid us.
After all, desperation is not magnetic.
Think about this.
Have you ever walked into a room and picked up on the grumpy negative vibe?
You can't really put your finger on it because you haven't really interacted with anybody
quite yet.
But man, your body just screams, oh gosh, get me out of here.
This is a grumpy room.
Now close your eyes for a moment and take a walk with me to the mailbox.
Open it up.
Reach in.
Pull out the stack of mail and start to sift through it.
There's your mortgage bill.
There's your credit card statement.
There's your insurance bill and your electric bill and your water bill and the sewer bill.
All there are is bills, bills, bills, bills, bills.
How does your body feel right now?
Are you feeling calm and magnetic?
I doubt it.
I'm feeling anxious and scared.
I bet you're feeling kind of the same way.
Now ask yourself this question as you think about all those bills piling up.
If you were going to go have a sales conversation with someone right now, would you buy?
Of course not.
You have all those bills to pay.
Well, you know what?
Your clients and your prospects feel the exact same way.
They have bills to pay.
So if your energy screams, please do business with me.
I'm terrified I might lose my house.
You can bet your energy is communicating scarcity and lack and your client is picking
up on that and it is magnifying their own fears.
So let's face it, none of us seeks out people who inspire that kind of energy.
We need a way to dissolve negative energy by reframing this first level of goal setting.
It needs to simply be a neutral baseline revenue goal.
It cannot be the be all end all of your goal setting process or you're going to be walking
in that fear energy and ultimately create for yourself a self fulfilling prophecy.
You'll fear what happens if you don't meet the goal, which repels business from you and
adversely affects your conversions, which means you don't have enough money to meet
your goals.
And suddenly you find yourself in a downward spiral of despondence and desperation, which
is why today's exercise is going to be the beginning, not the end of the goal setting
process.
Now yesterday you took a proactive honest look at your numbers, how much revenue you've
brought in over the past 12 months, what your business expenses were and what was left
for your personal income.
Today, you're going to take a look at how much money you spent personally in the last
12 months and then we're going to determine a sales goal baseline for the goals that
matter process.
Now to make this work, we don't need 100% nitty gritty, accurate number where we're
adding and subtracting and did we make good buying decisions and should we have and did
we let that go for a second.
Look at bogged down in the weeds here, we're just looking for a ballpark estimate that
gives us a true north direction to go in.
So are you ready?
Here are the steps.
Step number one, you're going to need to go download your bank statements from the last
12 months.
So you need 12 months of bank statements so we can kind of look at what your cash flow
looks like, right?
You're going to grab a highlighter pen and highlight all of the expenses that went out,
all the bills you paid.
Now you don't have to do every single one individually.
There should be on your bank statement a total like here's how much money came in, here's
how much money went out.
So really should only be adding up 12 numbers, right?
Just those totals because the bank statement does most of the math for you, okay?
So you're going to want to get an idea of how much money flowed out of your personal
bank account over the last 12 months.
And then what we're going to have you do is add the personal expenses that you just calculated
to the business expenses that you calculated yesterday.
When you do that, voila, baseline sales goal.
Let me run you through just a quick example just for clarity sake, okay?
Let's just say I grabbed my statements and I looked at everything that went out and it
was $5,000 a month, so $60,000 more or less, okay?
So that's my annual household budget.
It pays my mortgage, it pays my car payment, my insurance, food, whatever.
It covers all of that, right?
And then I pull up my business expenses from last year and I find out that I used $42,000
of my revenue to pay for business expenses.
When I add the two of those together, I get a baseline sales goal of $102,000.
Does that make sense?
All right.
Now, when you look at your number, ask yourself this question.
How do you feel about that number?
Are you on track and totally jazzed or maybe you're a little behind and not feeling so good
about it?
Well, listen, on track, off track, it doesn't much matter, not at all.
Remember 88% of business owners struggle with inconsistent cash flow and that's what
we're here to fix in the first place.
And so no matter how your numbers look right now, you should be giving yourself a high
five because you have taken a massively brave and important step towards the success of
your business and the impact you're capable of having in the world.
Every successful entrepreneur stares down these numbers on a daily basis.
Sometimes they are prettiest punch and you celebrate like heck and sometimes, well, they
just suck and there's no straight road to success.
So there's honestly no need to attach to it or judge it at all.
Why not?
Well, in this case, it's because in the remaining three days of the goals that matter challenge,
your approach to goal setting is not only going to inspire you each and every day, it is
going to change your business and your world.
If you stick with me for the next few days, you are going to see what I mean.
Now to qualify for today's prize drawing, what I need you to do is let me have a thumbs
up.
If you feel like you're pretty much on track to reach your target so far this year or
maybe it's a thumbs down if you're feeling a little bit off track.
So however you're feeling about your baseline number, take a picture of your thumbs up
or your thumbs down and post it in the get connected Facebook group.
Okay?
Now listen, I want to encourage you to see this challenge through to the end.
I promise you you are going to love the result.
The whole challenge is about setting goals that will keep you inspired to build an amazing
business that serves the world no matter what.
So stay the course with me.
Stick to the plan and see this challenge through to the end because I know that you'll
be amazed where you end up.
And so for today, that's all my friend.
You are awesome.
I believe in you and until we meet again tomorrow, be remarkable.
