Now you guys have an idea of who you are, what you stand for, right?
Those values that you want to live in and that you want to express.
And I've told you that what you think and what you believe and what you value are the
very foundation of your marketing.
And there's another piece of this and I feel like it's a highly unleveraged piece of
your life, of your business planning, that we could leverage to the benefit of client
attraction.
And so what I'd like to do right now is talk with you a little bit about goal setting.
How many of you set goals for your business?
How many of you set dreams for your business?
All right, good.
So what?
I'm going to look at the goals after you've set.
Oh yeah, that's, and it's like how many of you actually look at the goals after you
set them, which you know, that's always, if you do, you're in good shape, right?
So I think something that's very important to understand about our goals is that your
goals show up as a form of energy and they can either repel clients from you or draw clients
to you, right?
Because how you think about your goals, how you set your goals, how you interact and
feel about your goals is going to be really important in the way other people want to participate
and jump in and support those goals, correct?
So what I'd like to do is introduce you to this goal concept that I have and see if it
resonates with you and helps you make a bit of a different shift about the way you think
about building your business.
The first thing I want to talk about or what I call the needy goals, what kind of goals?
The needy goals.
All right, the reason I call them needy goals is not because they're, the goals themselves
are needy, it's because when we set these kinds of goals, we set them out of lack, out
of fear and out of neediness and they make, those goals make us feel needy.
They make us feel desperate, feelings have energy and you feel it and then it, right?
How many of you are intuitive enough to walk into a room and know that everybody in the
room is grumpy?
Why?
You feel it, it just, you pick it up and it registers and you as grumpy, grumpiness, right?
So when, when you set these kinds of goals and you think about these goals, you feel needy
just like you might feel grumpy or feel tired or feel with it, right?
You feel needy and so everyone around you says, oh, they're very needy.
How many of you really, truly wake up in the morning and think, man, I want to be around
a bunch of needy people, totally want to do business with needy people, surround them
with me.
I want needy customers, I want needy vendors and needy people, right?
One of us wants to be around needy people, yeah, we set goals that create that kind of
energy circulating within us.
And so what are some of the things that we include in our, in our needy goals?
What are some things that you put into a needy goal?
You're mortgage, what else?
Car payment, what else?
Hmm?
Health, yeah, health, oh, look, don't get me started, all right, health insurance, right?
What else?
College debt, credit card debt, lifestyle, right?
Eating out, eating in, eating organic, eating twinkies, whatever it is that you're doing,
right?
You got to eat.
You're electric bill, you're water bill, bills, bills, bills, bills, bills, bills, bills,
bills, right?
So how do most of us set our goals?
How do most entrepreneurs set goals?
Well, you add up your house payment.
Yeah, you add up your house payment and your car payment and your insurance payments.
And your light bill and your gas bill and your water bill and your other bills and more
of the bills on top of the bills and you come up with a number and you say, man, I need
to create, I need to generate $100,000 this year.
Yippie, right?
How many of you would do business with someone who said, hey, Matt, I am so excited
to meet you and I want to sell you my product and service because, man, I am drowning in
debt and that would really help me make a debt in it.
I mean, the first thing that thinks is what?
Run.
You're drowning in debt.
I'm drowning in debt.
I don't need to fix your debt.
I need to fix my debt.
And you have this little part of your brain, it's called the amygdala, it's in the back
of your brain.
It's a very ancient part of your brain.
In fact, it's so ancient, it belongs to a lizard.
It's about the size of a lizard brain and it hangs out and it does everything by instinct.
It does everything, it is outside language, lizards don't talk, right?
But when you start a lizard, what does it do?
Runs, it just reacts to everything, reacts, reacts, reacts.
Every morning you wake up and your little lizard brain says to you, you have one mandate
today.
Tina, do you know what it is?
Breathe, just don't die.
Whatever you do, just don't die.
It's your survival mechanism.
It's the thing that makes you know whether you should run, right?
It makes the possum play dead.
It makes the, it makes the wolf fight, right?
You know if you should run or fight.
You know if you should lay down and play dead.
You know these things and you don't make decisions about that.
You just do it.
Have you ever walked into your house and thought, wow, something's wrong.
You just get the willies, that willy thing and then you find out it's because the cat
like not to pillow off the couch, but you knew something was wrong, right?
That's that don't die guy.
Looking out for you.
Well, anytime you're setting needy goals, you are stimulating that part of your brain,
which doesn't think.
It doesn't think and you're stimulating fear in that part of your brain and when you stimulate
fear in your brain, your brain cascades a bunch of fear hormones and chemicals and everyone
around you can feel it.
Everyone around you can feel your fear when you set these kinds of goals.
So then we go to the self-help seminar, anybody been in multi-level marketing, put your hand
up high, if you're in multi-level marketing, what is the first tool when you set your goals,
what are you supposed to create?
Anybody?
It's the vision board, the dream board, the goal board, come on, how many of you have
them?
Jackie's over there like falling on the floor laughing like, woo, right?
The vision board.
Now honestly, can you honestly say that that has worked for you?
How many people have done a vision board and everything has come to pass to fruition
in the time period you set?
Hard not often, right?
Why?
Well, I did this look, I was in multi-level marketing for 10 years, I've made lots of vision,
oh my gosh, vision boards out the yin yang, they're all over the place and I never got
what I wanted and I started thinking when I was thinking about how do our goals affect
how we interact with our clients and how we interact with the people that are in our
lives?
And I started thinking, you know those vision boards are awesome, right?
And they help us dream big and they're designed to help us raise our deserve level, think
we deserve more, right?
But unfortunately, those goals get interpreted as this.
What kind of goals?
Gritty goals.
See, the reason these goals are so challenging for us is this.
If you have a greedy goal, if you have a goal that is bigger than what you think you deserve
in life, you can't get it because you don't believe that you deserve it.
How many of you were told as a kid, eat your mashed potatoes or eat your green beans, there
are little children starving in Africa, right?
All of us were told, all of us were told to appreciate what we had because there were
people much less fortunate than we were.
So when we start thinking about I want a new car, I want a new kitchen, I want to go
on vacation, I want to travel, I want new things, I want better things, right?
All of a sudden, all of a sudden, your set point, your threshold for what you're worth
will kick in and say, you don't deserve to travel.
What are you thinking?
There are starving children in Africa and you don't get a new car.
You know, there are people who don't have cars and you want a new car, right?
Be grateful for the car you have, listen, I'm all about gratitude, I'm not saying don't
be grateful, but I'm saying our level of grateful should not be the cap.
Grateful for what is is required, but it shouldn't be the cap on what we know that we can
have and what we deserve in life because we are all designed for affluence and abundance
and prosperity.
And so these goals are great, but they often challenge our worthiness.
How many of you want to surround yourself with a bunch of people who feel undeserving
and unworthy?
Wouldn't that be a great, that's a great dinner party, the unworthy group, right?
We don't want to be around those people, but when we set goals that way, we're either
going to attract those kind of people, or we're going to repel people that don't want to
feel that way, correct?
So the other problem with the greedy goals, and this is just a mechanical problem.
The accountants in the room will appreciate this.
The mechanical problem of this is, if the needy goal is $100,000, we set this goal, then
we make a vision board.
The problem is, we didn't adjust the monetary goal to account for the cost of the vision
board, right?
So you say, I need to earn $100,000, and then you set your monetary goal.
So that's $8,500, whatever, you set that goal, and you start working all that down, then
you make a vision board and say, and I want to buy a brand new shiny red Cadillac CTS,
model my bathroom and take the family on a trip to Italy for $100,000.
We set the monetary goal before we set the vision board, and then we never take into account
what this is going to cost, and if we do take into account how much it's going to cost,
we go, oh, I don't deserve that, I can't spend $50,000 on a new kitchen, why that would
be obscene, right?
So that's kind of a problem.
How are you going to get what you want if you don't feel like you deserve it and you
don't set the goal to include the things that you want?
So I kept thinking about this situation, I kept thinking about this challenge, this opportunity
to understand how could our goals attract people to us, because let's face it, if someone
came to you and said, Chelsea, I want to sell you my product and service so that I can
buy a new car, you would say, well, I want a new car to it, right?
Like I'm not going to give you my money for that, just so you can have a luxury that
I don't have.
Correct?
I'm not going to give you a luxury that I don't have.
So that's not going to work, that isn't going to, it isn't going to stimulate anything.
So Sydney had a question, because you let it.
My suggestion for you would be to get the credit card number up front and then charge it
after the service, I mean, there's also the question is, would you take care of it?
I love how Andy Magnus thinks, who fixed your income, right?
Yeah, I mean, because the answer to that is, because inside you, you believe that's
true, that there is, like Andy just showed us, he doesn't believe in a fixed income, right?
If his income is little, he's like, well, where can I find some more income, right?
When I get a bill, I don't think, oh no, a bill, I go, how many, okay, what program
could I create that people would give me money for so I can handle this, right?
I think about what value could I add to people that they would pay for to give me, to solve
the problem?
So when you think like that, then typically what happens is you don't attract people
who have a lid, right?
So yeah, there is that, right?
But they're basing their, they're saying your services in need, but they have other needs
and they can't prioritize their needs, which is a whole, honey, I just say run.
Screaming, mocked you with your hair and fire unless it's part of your time tithe.
If it's part of your time and talent tithe, then by all means do it, but then do it gratefully,
do it with a generous heart, do it with a willing heart and say, I get that you feel you're
on a fixed income because that's an illusion too.
I got to tell you, wherever you're at, that money ceiling that you're at, whatever you're
earning right now, whatever you feel about the money you have, whatever the amount in
your bank account, right?
That is an illusion.
You can have everything you want if you're just willing to add value first, right?
The world will pay you if you believe you're worth it.
So yes, by all means, generously tithe, but if you do it resentfully, then it's not a
tithe.
Yeah?
All right, so we've got our needy goals and we've got our greedy goals.
Neither one of those is particularly attractive.
They're not magnetizing clients to you.
They're not coming to you saying, I totally want to help you buy a new sink.
Everybody gets enthused about that.
So we need to do something different, right?
Those two don't work.
So what could we do different?
What if we set our goals to be this kind of goal?
What if we set make a difference goals?
What kind of goals?
Make a difference.
What if we set make a difference goals?
What would that do?
What would that do?
About a week ago, it was Memorial Day weekend.
I got an email from Teresa Carrington.
Teresa Carrington is the executive director of Blessing Basket Project.
15 years ago, in a dream, got appeared to Teresa and said, I want you to end world poverty.
And she woke up one morning and she said, OK, I don't know the first thing about ending
world poverty, but if you show me what to do, I'll go do it.
15 years later, her life is radically different.
She's not married to the same person.
She doesn't live in the same house.
She doesn't drive the same car.
In fact, in order to make this dream come true, Teresa had to lose everything first in
order to get back to where she is today.
But the most interesting thing about Teresa Carrington is what she stands for.
And that is empowering women to prosper.
So she goes to African nations where there is abject poverty, where children die of
starvation every day, and where families sell their girls into sexual slavery because
there's nothing else to do.
There are no other choices.
Our little boys pick up guns and become boy soldiers because that's how they can feed
their family.
Where men do horrific things because someone pays them money so that they can feed their
wives and their children.
Because that's all the opportunity that they have.
So Teresa went to these African nations and what she found there were beautifully handcrafted
hand-woven baskets.
And she brought those baskets back here and she started selling them in the US.
I met her when she first started out.
In fact, I was still selling Mary Kay and I started doing home parties.
I started bringing her with me to all my Mary Kay parties to put the baskets out.
And I sold more baskets than makeup.
You know why?
Because being pretty didn't matter as much as saving those girls from sexual slavery
mattered.
That mattered more.
They spent more money on baskets than they would have ever admitted they had if I were
only selling lipstick because that mattered.
They could be part of something bigger, part of something better, part of something more
impactful than they could ever do on their own because Teresa had sacrificed everything
for them to be part of that.
So flash forward 15 years, I joined the women president's organization, I walk in, I sit
down and there's Teresa Carrington.
And we reconnect, we talk again, I hadn't seen her for about a decade and she says, hey,
the Ugandan ambassador to the United States just called me.
She said she'd heard about my prosperity wages program and would like it, would like
to help me proliferate this program all through Africa.
But I have a problem.
I said, what's your problem?
She said, well, on top of having to write the script, write the presentation, put the
PowerPoint together, on top of doing all of that, I need to make travel arrangements, I
need to get a car, I need a videographer, I need a photographer.
She went down the whole list of things she needed and I said, well, Teresa, the thing that
I do best is to connect people I know, to people I know.
So I'm just going to ask you to give me all of the connections that you need.
Tell me everything you need to be connected to and I will handle all of that for you and
I'll get back to you in two hours on Memorial Day.
She had to be in DC on Wednesday at 11 o'clock with everything in place.
So I got my travel agent on the phone, we got the flight book, I got, we got a limo
book, I called a photographer from the B and I Connect website, like I got him B and
I Connect and I just started calling photographers and videographers and low and B call this
guy named Adam Low picked up the phone.
I thought somebody's going to pick up the phone but he didn't pick up the phone right
away.
He's leaving him a pleading message, Adam, my name's Virginia, I'm in St. Louis.
This is the story.
I need some help.
I need somebody to help us.
We've got to document this.
It's going to be powerful.
It's going to get us on Oprah.
I meant blessing baskets on Oprah's favorite things.
This Christmas God is my witness, right?
Like, I'm, we've got to do this.
We've got to be part of this, okay?
Adam picks up the phone.
I can hear, like I hear him he's like, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, he was running to the
phone to get to that call and I said, Adam, I need your help and he said, I can't do it
but I got a guy.
I'm going to connect you with this guy.
So he connects me, he connects me with the guy, I text him, his assistant calls me back.
It's Memorial Day at three o'clock in the afternoon.
It's Memorial Day.
They're calling me back.
They're making the plans.
They talked to Teresa.
We'll be there.
No problem.
We got it.
Whatever.
They give her $5,000 of videography for $975.
Teresa says, wow, that's such a gift but I don't even know how I'm going to do that and
I wrote the check.
And I said, it's paid for, don't worry about it.
Because I believe that enslaving children is really, really bad and because I believe
that the atrocities that happen in worse stricken countries and poverty are horrific.
But more because I believe that when you teach a person to fish, you feed them for a lifetime
and you alter generations.
I believe that entrepreneurs are essential to changing the way business gets done and
that entrepreneurs are essential to recreating and repopulating and reestablishing thriving
communities.
And because I can see that Teresa can do that in places where there's nothing but dust.
This woman is creating economies of scale.
One basket, one weaver at a time.
And now she has a new patented technology, so cool, they're not on the market yet.
If any of you want to do a tour with me, I'll tell you when that is.
It's a QR code and you scan it into your phone on the tag and you can see videos of the
weaver and you can meet the weaver and you can connect with the weaver.
You can have a personal relationship with the person who woven your basket.
It's phenomenal.
It's phenomenal.
And I get to be part of that because you choose to grow your business.
We all get to be part of that.
She's doing the heavy lifting, but we get to be part of that.
And my goal is to be able to support Teresa Carrington and other third world entrepreneurs
and growing economies of scale through the Blessing Basket Project, through Made For Freedom,
through the Half For Project International and through Kiva.org.
These are all places where I look and I look to choose and find entrepreneurs who want
to do meaningful things.
And I want to support them because I can take that little bit that I want to type and
I can invest it in something that I'm passionate about and create that.
And so there's a make a difference goal that drives me every morning because I don't
get up every single morning so that I can pay my light bill.
And I don't get up every morning so that I can go on vacation.
I get up every morning because I'm committed to entrepreneurs.
But when I add it all up, what I got to do to make this difference, to hit that make
a difference goal is a big number.
It requires more people.
It's something bigger than I can do all by myself.
But I get to add value to you and then you get to add value to others that you'll never
meet, maybe, right, and you get to be part of that.
When you said those kinds of goals you guys, you become magnetic.
You don't have to stand up here and say it.
You just walk around and people are like, who are you up to?
Because you're walking around making a difference.
You're focused on that make a difference goal every single day of your life.
You're out there changing the world with what you do.
I know Sheles and Damon Wallace, that is what they are about.
That whole billionaire thoughts think about that the name of their company is billionaire
thoughts.
They're not satisfied with seven figures because if you want seven figures, you need an
eight figure mind, don't you?
You got to grow your mind bigger than anything that you can achieve and that's what they
stand for.
And you know what they just did?
You guys may not know who, where'd Damon go?
He's out there, he's out there closing deals.
Sheles and Damon brought John C. Maxwell, Jeffrey GitHub.
And Eric Thomas to a stage in St. Louis, Missouri, not one month ago.
Wow, and you know why they did it?
Because we don't get that in the Midwest.
We don't get to have speakers like that.
We don't get to attract talent like that.
We don't get to be with those people.
We don't get to hear those messages.
And they believe that entrepreneurs need bigger thoughts and need bolder action.
And so they really risked everything and invested everything that they have to bring
that to bring that to St. Louis.
And my thank you to them was to have them with us today.
So I hope that you will take time to get to know them over the next two to three days and
get to know what their heart is and understand what their mission is and buy into what they're
about because it is a huge thing that they're doing to change the entrepreneurial mindset
and the business mindset so that we can think bigger and broader things and to be able
to experience high quality thought leaders in our midst.
And so I thank you for that because it really, it's about this, you know, really, really
is.
So your huge goals, your make a difference goals, your change the world goes, if you're
going to be the change you want to see in the world, well, you got to have to put some
cash behind it.
You're going to have to put some energy behind it.
You're going to have to put some effort behind it.
Some momentum.
You're going to have to push that rock up the hill, but you know what?
It's a lot easier to push a rock up a hill.
If you invite a bunch of people to push the rock up the hill with you, it's just a lot
easier.
Many hands make for light work.
But the reality is that no one will be attracted to your neediness and no one will be attracted
to your greediness, but they will be attracted to you change in the world because every single
one of us wants to make a difference in some way.
Every single one of us has a passion, a purpose, a vision, and a mission that has nothing
to do with our business.
If you want to do great business, you guys have a personal passion, a personal mission,
a personal vision, right?
A personal passion for what you want to be, do, and have in the world, and encourage others
to join you.
Make it big enough that you can't do it by yourself.
It should be big, hairy, and audacious.
It should scare the kudis out of you.
It should feel hard to write the check.
That's how it should feel because you know what, when you do it, you feel like a grand
champion and everyone gets to celebrate with you.
So we're going to take a moment and we're going to walk through the goal setting portion
of our program today, mentors.
If you would, please hand out your goal setting sheets.
They look like this, bunch of squares.
So I'm just going to kind of draw this up here because I think it makes it a little
easier if I do the example with you.
Right, so you've got your needy goal over here and you've got your greedy goal and your
make-oh difference, your mod goal, right?
So let's think about this really quickly.
How much revenue, let's get back to scarcity fear and lack.
You got to start somewhere, right?
Let's get back to fear and lack, scarcity fear and lack.
What do you need?
What's your needy goal?
What do you need to make ends meet, including paying Uncle Sam?
Because Uncle Sam doesn't care about your needy goals, Uncle Sam cares about his needy goals
and he's charging you, right?
So what do you need?
And now some people say, do I do gross or do I, you know, should I do gross revenue, should
I do income?
I don't care which one you do.
You know how many, how what your book of business needs to look like in order to get the money
that you want.
So perhaps you want to do assets under management or, you know, total, the total amount of
houses sold or whatever that is, or you can do income.
I need this much money, right?
And then you can, we can back all the numbers out of there.
So whatever you choose, whether it's income into my bank account or whether it's gross
revenue into my company, either one of those is fine, but just pick the one that's going
to work for you, right?
Well, that is going to be how much revenue do I need in order to get to my goals?
Okay, what is the average value of a closed sale to you or your business?
So here's the deal.
If you work, if this number is gross revenue, I'm working on income, okay?
So if you're working on income, then you need to say, well, if I close a $1,000 deal,
I make $250, $250 is the income value of $1,000 deal.
If you're working in gross, then you would put the value of the deal.
Have I sufficiently confused everyone in the room, okay?
The thing is, how do you get paid, right?
If you own the company, you get paid in gross revenue, and then you do all your stuff,
and you get to keep a certain amount, right?
If you're a commission salesperson, you just know how much you make from a deal.
All right, so what is the average value of a closed sale?
I'm going to do easy numbers here just for math sake, okay?
How many closed sales will I need to reach my goal?
Well, if I need to generate $100,000, and my contract is worth $1,000, then I need 10 deals,
right?
Does that make sense?
10 deals, I meet my goals.
Hmm?
100 deals, you're right.
Thank God, I have a math professional in the room today.
I need 100 deals.
I know, 10 was feeling really good, Igor, I was like, yeah, this is jam, and I can tell
it now.
I'm like, I need 100 deals.
All right, I'm feeling, okay, now I feel much more needy in lack and scarce, so thank
you for that.
I really appreciate you putting me back in my scarcity feeling, because I was feeling
pretty jammed up here for a minute.
All right, what's your typical closing ratio?
So when someone is referred to you, now listen to me carefully, a referral means
someone brought the person to your office and handed them to you.
Not you went to the chamber and said, want to be my client, want to be my client, want
to be my client, want to be my client, referals.
When someone brings you a referral, what is your closing ratio?
The closing ratio will largely depend on the quality of the referrals that you get, how
well your network understands how to bring you a referral.
If they bring you a name and a number and say, oh yeah, hey, Barb, I saw a fizz bow on
you know, fifth and pine, here's the number.
Well, that's nice, Barb's happy to know that there's a for sale by owner sign at fifth
and pine, but it would be much nicer that it was my neighbor who was thinking about buying
a bigger house because they're adopting seven children, right?
So that's a better referral for her because she knows that's going to work, the for sale
by owner, right?
But if all I ever bring her is for sale by owners, then her closing ratio is going to be
much lower, right, than if she's getting bona fide referrals.
So what's the closing ratio?
It's easiest if you do this as a decimal, 25 percent, one in four.
By the way, if that's what you're getting, this workshop is going to help you a lot because
if you're not closing one and two, two and three, three and four, right, we need to train
your network better.
They're not working well for you.
They don't understand what you need.
All right, so how many referrals do you need to hit your goal?
It's very simple.
Grab your calculator and take this number and divide it by this number.
It should be a bigger number.
Don't multiply by the decimal, divide by the decimal.
It should be bigger.
Did we lose everybody?
Did we lose anybody?
I'm sorry.
Igor, could you just run to all the tables and just give everybody their numbers for me?
He probably could.
But he's going to have to charge you.
Oh my gosh, tomorrow is going to be a scary, scary day then.
Wow.
He's recently discovered his value.
Good stuff.
All right.
Does everybody have a number?
Put number three in your calculator.
Hit the divide button, put the figure in number four.
If you want to check everybody, just make sure they're good.
All right.
Let's talk about then the stuff you want.
On a separate sheet of paper very quickly.
In the next 12 months, write down three to five things that you want, the greedy goals,
the stuff on the vision board, the stuff on the vision, you know, I want a new boat.
I want new carpeting.
I just want my water heater to work.
Yeah?
Joe can take care of your carpeting and flooring needs.
He's right.
You have the perfect connection to tables down.
That's okay.
You know what?
If you get it from, if you get with, you know, get working with Joe, it won't feel like it's as greedy as you might when you get started.
But I would get him before he discovers his value and raises his prices.
I'm just saying.
I would get that contract signed before the evening ends, right?
All right.
So give a value to those things.
How much is it worth?
How much are you going to invest or spend on those little luxuries, the life luxury things that you are investing in?
All right.
So on my, on my greedy goal list, I have a couple of things.
They're a little weird.
One is there's a woman, her name is Morgana Rae, and she teaches women how to be money goddesses.
And I want to be a money goddess.
It's 10 grand, 10 days in Valley.
Plus the airfare, right?
Plus all that.
So it's about 15 grand to go.
The other thing I want to do is I want to go to Lisbon, Portugal.
And I want to become, this is hilarious.
I want to become a licensed, trans-dance facilitator.
Under the study, or the tutelage of the great humanist, humanistic psychologist, Wilbert Alex, who was raised in New Orleans in the shamanic,
like a shamanic kind of tradition, and he does this really cool dance thing that absolutely transform me 110%.
And I loved it.
And so that's like another 10 grand.
So there's 15 grand right there to do that.
And then I want to remodel a bathroom.
And that's 10 grand.
So we've got this bathroom.
Then I have it all planned out.
I have everything picked out.
But I just, you know, need to do that.
And you know what?
If you help me build the bathroom, you all can come and use it.
Okay.
Yeah.
So, you know, an on and on it goes.
But, you know, those are some of my greedy goals.
The cool thing about the experiential ones, though, is that once I have that stuff, then I can bring it back and add value to you.
So it's all good.
So what about you?
What are your greedy goals worth?
Add that number up and add it to your needy number.
And then do the exercise again.
Well, my average deal is $1,000.
So now I need 150.
And my closing ratio stays the same.
But now I need 600 referrals.
Now I need 600 referrals.
Okay.
Are we good?
Everybody on track?
Put your hand up if you're lost.
You're not lost anymore.
You're on track.
Okay.
I should say, put your hand up if you're on track.
Is everybody on track?
All right.
Good. We're on track.
I have some not-hands go up.
But I'm going to assume you're on track if you're not crying right now.
So we're good.
Okay.
So now let's talk about that.
Make a difference, goal.
On your writing pattern.
On a separate sheet of paper.
I would like you to write down what you want to change in the world.
What do you want to do?
What matters to you?
Do you want to educate children?
And I am so passionate about creating entrepreneurism.
I was talking with Theresa Carrington the other day.
I said, you know what?
If we could just create economies of scale everywhere, local economies of scale,
we could end all the other stuff.
Like we could end human trafficking.
We could end war.
We could end drug addiction.
We could end a lot of things.
If we could just end poverty.
If we could just kick that, we could do it.
So I'm like pretty big about that.
Okay.
How about you?
Mosquito netting, clean water.
Oh, clean water.
Did you see that new invention?
I'm amazed at people who can invent these things.
So in Africa, one of the reasons that women are undervalued and devalued
is because the work that they have to do takes so much effort in so much time.
So some women will spend an entire day and all they did was bring a jug of water
from the river, right?
Because they carry the jugs on their head and they have to walk miles and miles.
Somebody invented, you know that compost tumblers?
Okay.
So they took a tumbler.
They put it on little wheels.
They put a handle on it.
Now the women go.
They fill up the tumbler.
And now they wheel the water back to the camp.
And it has like a little filter in it that, as it's tumbling,
filters all the contaminants out of the water.
Really good, right?
They're on Indiegogo.
If you want to put some money into that, right?
That's what it's really cool.
Indiegogo, like crowdfunding, is a great place for you to find really cool things
to do that change the world.
Like the solar-freaking roads thing.
Is everybody seeing that?
The solar roads thing?
I want that in my driveway, man.
I want that.
Because in tornado alley, putting solar on your roof is dumb.
Right?
Because when you put it up on your roof, the wind blows.
Every time the wind blows, I would be fixing my solar.
But if I could put it in my driveway, I am so in.
Yeah.
So, yeah.
Some of my money went to forwarding that technology.
He's raised almost twice what he wanted to on Indiegogo.
He's raised almost $2 million.
So, there's some really cool stuff you can do in crowdfunding.
Right?
Just donating to people who are doing cool things.
Thinking of stuff you could never figure out.
Like I could ever figure out how to make a solar roadway.
Okay?
So, what do you want to do?
You want to forward technology?
You want to send, you want to do college scholarships?
Books?
Computers in schools?
Tablets for everybody?
What do you want to do?
Right?
And what's that going to cost?
What is that going to cost?
How much money do you want to invest in changing the world?
My suggestion is it should equal or exceed your greed.
Your make a difference goal should equal or exceed your greed.
Listen, I don't think this is greed.
I'm just talking about what the little guy in your head, the guilt guy.
You got don't die guy over here and then you have guilt shame and humiliation sitting over here.
They sit on your head.
Don't die.
You're so bad.
Don't die.
You'll never be successful.
You're in constant war with them.
Right?
So, if you make it equal or in excess of this goal, you'll feel, you'll get this but you'll feel really good.
Because you made a big difference and you got a little sugar for that.
Right?
So, what is your make a difference goal?
So, I'm going to add $50,000 to make a difference goal.
Again, the value of my sale is $1,000.
So, now I need 200 new clients.
My closing ratio is 25%.
So, now I need 800 referrals.
Oh my gosh.
I need 800 referrals.
That's a lot of referrals.
How many referrals do you need?
How many referrals do you need to make a difference?
118.
168.
720.
Moms changed.
Awesome.
266.
38.
Love it.
Is it that many?
I mean, when you think about, when you think about all the people there are, all the opportunity there is, all the potential referrals are, is 230 a lot, is 800 a lot.
Is that a lot of introductions?
Well, I look at this and I say, hmm, man, 800 divided by 40 weeks out of the year that I might be getting referrals.
That's what, 20 referrals a week?
Well, that shouldn't be too hard.
What if I knew 20 people that would each give me a referral a week?
That'd be good, right?
You can make this accessible.
But it's just not, it's much more exciting to go out and get more referrals.
I can want you to help me refer me because I want to do this.
And I need these referrals so I can change the world.
I need these referrals so I can support these things.
That's huge.
And that's magnetic.
People want to do business with people who are making a difference, people who are doing big bold things because they're inspiring.
So what inspires, what inspires you?
So my hope for you is that every single morning you will wake up and you will put on your vision board, not boats and kitchens and new shoes and, you know,
Billy Goats to make cheese.
I don't know what you want in your life, you know.
I did dream one time of owning goats and being a cheese artisan, spent one day with a woman who owns goats and is a cheese artisan.
I don't want to do that anymore.
It wasn't fun for me.
That one got peeled off the vision board very quickly.
Yeah.
What I want to see is a vision board of how you're going to change the world.
I want you to wake up every morning with a two foot by three foot poster of what the world's going to look like one year from now because you did this.
Because you made your life about this because you got passionate about this because you care about that because Zig Ziglar said it when you help enough other people get what they need, you will have everything that you want.
Investing your time, your talent and your efforts and enlisting the help of others, you guys.
This guy who invented the solar roadway panels has raised two million dollars on Indiegogo from complete strangers in less than six weeks.
It is the power of your vision that will draw people to you.
And allow them to get their own problem solved, get their own needs met while they're meeting the needs of others and you're a conduit for that.
Money is not about bringing in and holding on to money is energy and energy circulates the minute we hoard.
The quality of our life decreases dramatically.
We allow flow in our lives and we allow things to flow to us and flow through us.
We get to be change agents in the world and that's really the cool thing about being an entrepreneur is being able to matter in the world to care in the world.
So what I'd like you to do is take your pen and I want you to circle that number of referrals.
Because by the end of Saturday, I want you to have a plan in place about how you're going to get that done in the next 12 months, no matter how big, no matter how hairy, no matter how audacious, no matter how scary, no matter how inadequate you are to the task.
Let me tell you, if you feel inadequate to that task, good, because if you don't feel inadequate to the task, you can't attract people who will help you.
If you're sufficient, you don't need my help. You don't need me to breathe anything into you, offer you anything, work on your behalf, do anything for you.
If you're sufficient, be insufficient and be really happy with that.
You don't want this kind of insufficient. You want this, you want to be insufficient to the task of changing the world and let people help you.
Teresa Carrington is absolutely one of the most inspirational people that I know because she gets this, she taught me this.
It's in looking at her story and her life that I learned this, that I understand it, and I'm so privileged to be able to work with her and support what she does in a real tangible way now in my life.
14 years ago, I wasn't in that position, I was $22,000 in debt, I couldn't help her.
But now I'm blessed and I get to bless, and you get to bless through that project as well, while you're getting value.
Fair enough? Fair enough. That is the number that I want you to just hold on to, write it on a piece of paper, tuck it in your wallet, put it all over it, that's your number, that's it.
Every single day, that's your number, that's your number, that's your number, that's your number.
800 people who want to help me do this. I'm going to add value and they're going to help me do this.
