Oftentimes, we get really focused on what Vision Lachiani calls means goals.
Means goals are the things that are achievement oriented.
I'm going to sell five programs.
I'm going to write a book.
I'm going to run a marathon.
Those are means goals.
Okay.
And they're important.
We need to have them.
Because they are what gets us to what's on the right.
The end goals.
Now, your end goal is kind of what you were just thinking about.
Why are you here?
Right.
So the end goal of the workshop is for you to have a certain level of transformation in yourself so that you can leave here a better business person than you were when you started.
Right.
And then when we start thinking about your business and your life, the end goal is, you know, right.
It was a does Steven Covey, write your eulogy, right?
Like write your eulogy.
What do you want to have accomplished by the time you leave this earth?
Because guess what?
You have to design it that way.
One of the things that I super admire about Grandmaster Scott is that he has dreams lists for dining.
He has dreams lists for traveling.
He has dreams lists for experiences.
And he has a dreams done list as well.
And so he's constantly and forever designing and crafting his life to be the experience that he wants.
And he'll tell you later on in the workshop a little bit about a VIP day that we did.
Which actually set him in a new direction because he realized he was designing a life that wasn't his dream on his bucket list, right?
Well, if I do that, then I don't get to do all this, but these are on my dreams list.
And I said, so well, then we need to craft something for you a way of living and a way of making money and a way of being in the world and working in the world that you get to do your dream thing and make money because you need to make money to have the dreams.
But when we sacrifice our dreams in order to make money, then when we go when we when we leave the planet, we leave a lot of money, but we also leave a lot left undone, unsaid unfelt and unexpressed.
And so the idea here is that we want you to understand what is really your passion, what is really in your dream and why can't you have it?
There's just this point at which we deny ourselves the things that we most want in our lives because we won't even look.
We all know what we don't want, but we won't even look at what we do want.
So the first exercise that we're going to do is comes out of this book by Vision Lachiani, which I love the secret spiritual art of succeeding at work. How sexy is that?
Vision runs his company on Slack and there is a Slack board called his M-I-Q board.
There are three most important questions. And right now, we're going to take a little bit of time to just briefly, you're just going to journal this free form. Do not think just journal.
This goes to a Grandmaster Scots dreams dreams list, right? What do you want to experience in your life? It could be anything from I want to go see Cirque du Soleil in my lifetime to I want to meet Barry Manelow to I know I want to go on a seven continent cruise that lasts nine months and hit 62 ports.
Well, while I'm there, I plan on writing a screenplay. And I'm going to base all my characters on the really cool people on the boat. It's going to be a love story.
And I won't spoil the ending for you. And then there's this thing in my head that goes, you can't have that. That's stupid. You can't do that. What will you do? How will you leave your house? What about the dogs? What about Victor? What about this? What about that? It's right to screenplay. You don't know how to write a screenplay.
You want to produce a movie, produce a movie, who produces a movie? Oh, wait, I know what? Hi, right? I know a guy who used to produce Broadway shows. I know people, right? So the minute I put it out there, all of a sudden, I start realizing that I could learn to do that. I have people that connect me to people who could connect me to people too. Hey, David Tupas could be our costume designer for the entire movie, Scott. How cool would that be? So, you know, what do you want to experience in your life? We're going to give you about four minutes, I think, for each one of these, because then you're going to have an opportunity to go into those breakout rooms and share. We've got three questions for you.
To ask, there's three most important questions. The first most important question. What do you really want to experience in your life? So, the next thing that you're going to want to think about is this one. How do you want to grow or develop yourself? What are things that you want to learn how to do? Things that you don't know how to do, but you love to learn. A few years ago, it was about 15 years ago, we moved.
We moved to a home that has acreage, and I wanted to learn to garden. So, I spent three years learning all about organic gardening, and then I had to figure out what to do with all the produce. So, I had to learn how to can all the food, which was great, because my mom knew how to do that, and it was something that she taught me how to do before she died. So, you know, I had to learn a lot of those kinds of things, and I'm really grateful that I know how to do them. So, what are some things that you really want to know that you learned?
What do you want to know about? And how do you want to develop yourself? So, I'm going to put four minutes on the clock, and you guys can go ahead and freeform journal. It's, I don't, Marcel at one point said, hey, so how detailed do you want this? And I said, well, it's your journal. It's your journal. It's your life. They're your most important questions. So, third question. How do you want to contribute to the world? These are my kids.
Well, I am here with the world for the world of art, and I'm excited to work with Amanda. So, I support an organization called Ten by three. Ten by three is Creating Prosperity in developing countries around the world. And we turn local weavers into artisans, and then we turn those artisans into entrepreneurs. And when they graduate from our program in about 36 months, they own three to five businesses, and they begin to employ people in their village,
the money that they earn doing this,
they are responsible for tithing in their community,
investing in their community.
And they do things like build their own schools
and build their own wells.
And it is the community that does it.
So some people fund it and some people work it.
And they pay the people who are working
to build the school, working to build the wells
out of the wages and that's their contribution
to their village.
And so it's this amazing sustainable way
of creating prosperity in the world.
Because we actually have graduated whole villages
out of poverty to our own detriment as an organization,
because we import baskets and we've woven goods.
And if you've ever been to whole foods
and you've seen those beautifully woven baskets,
those are from 10 by three.
And the way you know they're from 10 by three
is they have a special tag that tells you who woven the basket.
And it has a code and you can type the code in.
And it'll show you, it'll take you to a web page
that features the artisan.
And you can actually communicate back and forth
with the artisan.
And so in our referral engine promotion,
we offset 72 months of poverty and ended up,
a couple of my JV partners actually donated
their commissions back to the charity.
And so we raised over $5,000 for the charity,
which you know, if you send $5,000 to a developing world,
that's a lot of money and it gets a lot done.
So thanks to all of you who participated in that
and helped us do that.
So I also want to contribute in the world
because I want the world to be a more loving place.
That's another thing I want to contribute to the world.
I would really love for people to be able to walk
through the world leaving joy in their wake.
Then you can do a thing tomorrow
and be already contributing to the world
in the way that you want to contribute.
So take four minutes to list out.
How do I want to contribute in the world?
And then we're going to come back and take a quick break out
so that you guys have time to share.
So hopefully this is a little bit of an exercise
that you can take home with you and make it a point.
Even just sending aside once a week
to ask yourself these questions and to, you know,
what else do I want to experience?
How else do I want to grow?
How else can I contribute in the world?
Like how else, how else, how else?
So that you can create a much more comprehensive list.
