Hey, welcome back to the business
by referral boot camp foundations course.
This is lesson three, knowing your starting point.
I wanna talk about one of the biggest challenges
for six figure success as a solo pre-nor.
And that is lack of clarity.
I remember being in school as a kid
and saying to an English teacher,
gosh, I know exactly what I wanna say.
I just can't seem to write it down.
To which Mrs. Martinez replied,
sweetie, if you knew what you wanted to say,
you'd be able to say it.
And I think that that can really be the case
for a lot of small business owners.
We know what we do,
but we lack a lot of the clarity that we need
to actually articulate it in a way
that magnetizes clients to our doors
and helps referral partners get the word out
about who we are and what we do.
So today's lesson is all about guiding you
through uncovering some clarity about who you are,
what you do and why this business is so very important.
Now, getting your directions to some place
requires that we know where you start.
So that's what today is really all about.
It's about taking a look at where you are
so that we can chart a course for where you intend to go.
The first thing that you wanna think about
is why did you start this business in the first place?
What motivated you to jump in to this business?
Did you leave a corporate job that made you unhappy
where you downsize, did you feel called?
Think about why you decided to hang the shingle out
in the first place.
Now, think about who's your number one customer?
Go through your history.
Think about the customers that you've really enjoyed working
with and select the one that truly represents the customer
that is your ideal.
Think about them demographically.
Are they women, men, old, young?
Are they educated, college, high school?
Do they have a car, what kind of car?
What zip code do they live in?
How much money do they make?
Do they have children?
How about a dog, right?
What do you know about them in the material world?
But then also think about what is it about them
that makes them such a joy to work with?
Most likely there's something psychographic about them.
Something about their personality or the way they think.
Maybe they've got a great sense of humor.
Maybe they're very patient with you.
Maybe they're very collaborative.
What are the reasons why that customer is the customer
that you would consider to be ideal?
Now, let's think about the problems that you solve.
You know, your customers, they have problems,
but they don't get your product or service
just because they want the product or service.
They want specific solutions.
So think about a cell phone, for example.
Cell phones do a lot of things
and they solve a lot of problems.
They solve a communication problem.
With a cell phone, I can call someone from wherever I am.
They solve also an entertainment problem.
I can download apps and I can listen to Audible
and I can watch YouTube
and I can listen to Pandora.
I can watch movies.
So my cell phone also solves the entertainment problem.
My cell phone also, and this is a big one for me,
geolocates, yup, there's a GPS,
which means I can always find my way.
And for me, that means I have safety and security.
So what are some of the problems your clients come to you
with that you solve?
And then what products and services do you use
to solve those problems?
Next, think about this.
What aspects of your business?
What problems do you solve
and what products do you and services do you use
to solve them that bring you the most profit
but also bring your joy?
Because there's no sense in making a ton of money
if you're miserable in the process.
What is your unique edge?
There are hundreds, maybe thousands of vendors
out in the marketplace who can do what you do
if you're a financial planner.
You know, every financial planner
that is with your company has access
to the same products and services and tools.
Why are you unique?
What is the one thing about you
that your customers most appreciate
that they tell you they can't get anywhere else?
And they have a hint for you.
It is not great customer service.
There's something more to it.
Your unique edge.
As we're thinking about our starting point,
we also want to think about where we're going.
So where do you want to be in the next three to five years?
What do you want to do in the next three to five years?
What do you want to have in the next three to five years?
What is this business for?
And are you really jazzed about that future?
So what is your vision for your business
in the next five years or so?
And then let's pull that down
and get down to the nitty gritty.
What are your goals, your specific measurable goals
for your business in the next 12 months?
And how much of an increase is that
over the prior 12 months?
If you don't plan for the increase,
it probably isn't going to happen.
So there you have it.
This is your business by referral boot camp foundations
lesson three.
So go ahead and click on the picture below
download the template and go ahead and get started
creating clarity for yourself.
So when we get down to business,
you'll know what your starting point is
and where you're going and we can chart the course.
And until we meet again, be remarkable.
