Hey coaches, it's me, Don Miller and today we're going to talk about your website.
That is your coaching website, the website that convinces clients to do business with you.
It is obviously very, very important.
It's important for a couple of reasons.
One, it's your offer and if people go to your website and they don't understand how you
can change their life, they're just not going to do business with you.
So your offer needs to be crystal crystal clear.
That's the reason number one.
The second is you don't have a crystal clear offer on your website and you don't have
a good coaching website.
You actually look like an amateur and so people aren't going to do business with you because
you look like such an amateur.
So the question is what makes a good coaching website?
Where there are four critical questions that you have got to answer for the client on
that website and today's video, I'm going to go through all four.
Also we're going to look at some coaches websites that are coaches that are inside the
coach builder platform.
These are coach builder members just like hopefully you will become and they have the
advantage of inside the coach builder platform.
We have a website templates but we also have a website building or a wireframe building
piece of software that we've created so that you can actually drag and drop different pieces
of a website, fill in the text that is so important and then print it out or send it
to a designer and have them design it for you or if you want to, you can design it yourself.
But today is all about building an amazing coaching website that will grow your coaching
business.
Before we get going, make sure to stay until the very end because at the end of this
video, I'm going to tell you how you can get a PDF with 27 different coaches websites.
These are websites that they're doing extremely well for real live coaches.
They're out there on the internet.
We have scoured the internet and found the best coaching websites.
Put them all in one PDF and I'm going to tell you how to get that when we're done.
The very first website I want to look at is my friend Jim Williamson's website.
Jim is a coach builder member and he has a terrific website.
He did a terrific job.
He read building a story brand.
He understands everything that needs to be in a website and so let's look at that first.
The first thing, Jim has a picture of himself and so you see how old he is, does he look
put together and Jim's a great looking guy and so I think people are going to want to
do business with him.
He also does something very important in what we call the header of the website.
You have a header that's going to buy you about four seconds.
People will literally go to your website without reading anything and bounce.
The reason is they didn't see anything or since anything that was going to help them survive
and thrive and so you know how it is.
People are scatting these days.
We're bombarded with information.
The brain literally says don't pay any attention to this.
There's nothing here that's going to help me survive.
Above the header you need to answer a question in large text and Jim does it very well here
and the question is the first of four questions, what problem can you solve for me?
What problem can you solve for me?
I believe that your header needs to answer that question.
It is by far the most important of the four questions.
Jim does a good job, stops spinning your wheels and starts scaling your business so the
problem is I'm spinning my wheels, I'm not getting anywhere.
My business isn't growing and Jim is going to help you do that.
Now Jim happens to be a business coach but that's what he does right that and so he got
the problem right there right away.
Now notice something else that Jim is doing on this website, he's not doing a whole lot
more.
He's not doing a whole lot more in the header except buying that extra few seconds.
The viewer is going to give you about four seconds if you pass the test in four seconds.
You know what?
They're going to give you four more seconds.
That's it.
They're going to give you a little bit more after that as they get into it.
But if you can get them to give you eight seconds, it's actually a really long time.
You can read a lot in eight seconds.
If you've got stuff about how your mom or your dad or you used to work at IBM or none
of that has anything to do with their felt need, their problem.
That's really about you.
Make the header about the customer, here's the problem that I can help you solve.
You want that problem to be pretty broad so you're attracting the largest number of
potential clients but to make it feel specific right and so Jim does a pretty good job.
Stop spinning your wheels and start scaling your business.
Another thing that he does is he says book your free discovery call right here.
It's important that you've got the big text that identifies the problem and then right
off the bat, here's how you can get in touch with me and here's how you can do business
with me.
A couple of reasons for that.
One is, let's say this is the sixth or seventh time they've gone to your website, they're
not going to buy the first time they go to your website.
It's really the second, third, they keep hearing about you.
Maybe you had lunch with them a week ago or whatever.
They're going to keep going back to your website and you always want to be what I call
the will you marry me button right here at all times.
Now they're not going to marry you on the first date but the fifth or sixth time they
go to your website they're going to say you know what I'm willing to commit.
Let me book a discovery call and find out a little bit more about this.
So we've got to answer the question what problem do you solve and then we've got to say do
you want me to solve it for you book your free discovery call.
After we get that eight seconds they're going to go ahead and give you about ten more
seconds.
So let's see what happens as we start scrolling down.
First of all, Jim does say one on one and group coaching to help grow your small business.
This is really important right here because it actually answers the second question that
your client has.
So we're still we're still in the header and we're already answering two questions.
Great job Jim Williamson.
The second question is how do you solve my problem and a lot of coaches will leave this
out.
They won't put the fact that they do one on one coaching or masterminds or small groups
or workshops or you know you can hire me as a fractional COO or CEO or CFO.
They don't put that on the website and subconsciously you're trying to say but how does this work.
You know if you're a restaurant and you just offer protein that's too vague.
It is true you offer protein but that is way too vague of an offer for anybody to actually
respond to.
You're going to sell a lot more protein when you call it a cheeseburger or beef and geladas
or whatever you want to sell in the form of protein.
You've got to get pretty specific you know we help you stop spinning your wheels and
scale your business and I do this in a one on one coaching and a mastermind and so on.
The menu is getting clear.
Now you've already answered two questions Jim fantastic.
Those are two big giant questions and notice one another thing that Jim got right here
is he didn't use any extra words.
Stop spinning your wheels and start scaling your business that is what problem do you solve.
One on one coaching group coaching to help you grow your small business so one on one
or group coaching is how he solves it and there's no other words.
Let's not throw a bunch of words that nobody needs.
You know in Greg McEwan's words these would be the essential ideas that he wants to communicate
and many of us as coaches are just throwing way too much information way too many ideas
at our potential clients.
All right we've got what I call a value stack beneath the header there's just three things.
I love the rule of three the brain loves three.
By the way the reason the brain loves three is it sees one as two little two as binary
but three as infinite.
One is two little two as binary three is you've covered all the options.
Why the brain thinks that there are only three options I don't know but it does and so
if you have three things in the value stack the brain really likes that.
So what do you what do you get the value stack that you're getting from Jim is a booming
business on a line staff at a joyful spirit a booming business so a line staff and a joyful
spirit and notice there's not a lot of text that says you know I really want your business
to grow and if you really want your business to boom and none of that just booming business
a line staff joyful spirit you know if you asked a waitress how's your cheeseburger and
she said fantastic so juicy melts in the mouth I'm buying that cheeseburger right.
So you don't need to say a lot of stuff to don't get wordy with this just kind of throw
some punchy adjectives at your reader in the value stack all right let's keep going
down the most common obstacles to growing a small business.
Now again he goes kind of negative here what I mean my negative is he's talking again
about problems that he solves it is very important that you keep bringing up the problem that
your customer has because the problem is the hook the problem is what makes your offer
interesting I always say talk 75% about your customers problem and 25% about the solution
that you offer to that problem and you're going to sell a lot more solutions 75% about
the problem 25% about the solution what does that mean for you talk 75% about your coaches
of your clients problems and only 25% about your coaching why because when you talk about
the problem it makes them want to buy the coaching if you only talk about the coaching
and you don't talk about the problem they'll have a reason to buy the medicine if I said
to you you know I've got some medicine here it has a seed of benefit in it it has well
you know give you a bunch of technical terms you know you're going to go yeah I don't
think I'm interested that that that that fascinating congratulations on creating some
medicine but if I say man if you've got allergies I mean if this time a year everything
is bothering you're sniffling all the time you can't sleep you're sneezing you got
a runny nose that gets all messy the more I talk about and then I say I've got some medicine
it's called this that makes you want to buy the medicine itself because I've identified
and empathized so strongly with your problem so once we get through that 18 seconds four
seconds in the header buys you four more four more is how do you do this and what's in
it for me the value stack now I'm in for 10 seconds I think the 10 seconds once you get
through that you've got them for at least another minute and the great thing to get that that
third tier that 10 seconds it's to start talking about their problems and so look what Jim
does here the most common obstacles to growing a small business and then he just spells it out
can you relate to these struggles you feel overwhelmed you're confused you're scared now notice
something else Jim gets right here you can you can scan this site and just read overwhelmed or
if you're into that minute now where they've given you a minute you've earned the right to be heard
there's a little bit more to read people scan websites before they read them very important to
understand they will scan a website before they read them are you overwhelmed by the work and
responsibilities piling up around you are you confused about what the right moves actually are
to grow your business are you scared you're going to fail like so many other small businesses now
notice it's very negative and this is something that a lot of people are afraid to do they don't
want to go negative on their website they want to be bright and cheery this is a mistake it's a
mistake there is no positivity without negativity they just have to be in contrast so do
not be afraid to go negative it especially I like you know negative stop spinning your wheels
start scaling your business negative overwhelmed confused scared you would think that Jim Williamson
is really negative but did you ever feel that when I was reading you that website you never felt
that at all so let's not be afraid to go negative all right so then Jim has earned the right to be
heard and notice Jim doesn't really talk about himself at all in the first two seconds that four
four ten four seconds four seconds ten seconds that burns you a minute he doesn't talk about
himself at all he talks about you brilliant because everybody is wondering what's in it for me what's
in it for me now when I understand oh there's something really good in here for me I'm suddenly
curious about who Jim Williamson is and some of you the unrelated to websites are wondering why
don't people pay attention to me what's probably because you're talking about yourself all the time
and you're not doing a good job listening if you really want to connect with people understand
their problems empathize with those problems listen to those problems they will feel cared about
they will feel heard and their response to that will be you know who are you I want to get to know
you because you are this amazing person who likes me and understands me if we lead with our
selves forget it's not going to work so Jim does the right thing and he puts that in section three
of the website he says I'm here to help I'm here to help but watch what Jim does because it's
actually fascinating let's read this launching a business is hard enough growing it can be even
harder Jim says I'm here to help he has a picture of himself there and he still makes it about you
he's not done talking about you launching a business is hard enough growing it can be even harder
it requires a whole new set of skills and abilities many that don't come naturally to people who
love the thrill of creation it's a common problem but luckily it has a guaranteed solution
now notice what this looks like this looks like it's Jim's bio this looks like it's going to be
all about Jim but there's a picture of Jim and he's continuing to empathize with you this is another
thing now it's not one of the four major questions but it is a question do you care about me is this
going to be all about you are you going to be able to listen are you going to be able to hear me out
we've all been in conversations where we would say something like my goodness I was almost killed in
the car accident yesterday and a head-on collision and guy came right at me and the person you're
talking to says oh my word that happened to me two years ago like shouldn't you stop and go man
are you okay you look fine what happened you should actually pay attention so Jim is doing that
he has rattled some feathers up here in section one and section two and now he's saying it's not
about me yet I am about you really critical like anything else scaling a business is about doing the
right things okay another thing that Jim does here that's really important he opens a story loop
what are the right things uh the right ways and the right times now he's opening story loops that
make me wonder this guy's got some wisdom that I could use here guessing your way forward which is
what most people do again negative is a recipe for failure stakes now stakes are really important
what's going to happen to you if you don't find if you don't hire me as a coach failure is going
to happen you but following the lead of someone who has already done it now he's getting himself
in the narrative wait there we're already in the minute we're in we're into that minute that
they've given us after giving us four seconds and four seconds and 10 seconds we're into that minute
and he's finally positioning himself as the guide for the hero to win the day if you're not
familiar with that read my book building a story brand talks about the importance of being the
guide and not playing the hero as it relates to being a coach I will show you the way a a recipe
for success I've been there I've done that and I'd love to show you how to do it too I've been
there and I've done that is a way that Jim he's positioning himself as a guide here he's expressing
empathy for the client's potential problem and he's saying look I was there too we trust people
who have been in the hole we are in but are no longer in the hole so they are on top of the hole
they're looking down in the hole they're saying hey buddy I've been right where you've been and
there's a way out now imagine if you are literally literally in a hole you fallen down a well and
and somebody you know you've been yelling for an hour can't get out and somebody pokes their head
over the hole and says my goodness are you okay yeah I'm okay I just can't get out okay believe it
or not I've actually been down there and there's a way out that will flood you with hope flood you
with hope so good move Jim Williamson all right now another thing that Jim does is he's got a
product called the entrepreneur's advantage Jim actually named his product he created a
menu of products I happen to know that because I know Jim he created a menu of products and one
of them is called the entrepreneur's advantage people like buying products from coaches rather than
just coaching so if you go to a restaurant and you say what do you guys have here and they say
food we've got really really great food you're going to get laughter from that table right so
if somebody comes you says what do you do and what do you what do you offer I offer coaching
that's the equivalent of offering food they're not going to tell you they're not going to laugh at you
it's going to go oh that's interesting in fact they may not even know that that's weird there's
something wrong they're just not going to buy it right well I have a program called the entrepreneur's
advantage I meet with you for six months and I help you understand I help you I diagnose your
business and I help you can create competitive advantages in six different categories right
leadership marketing sales product optimization overhead management cash flow you know those sorts
of things wow you're getting really specific and I can get my mind around what this actually is
which dramatically increases the chances that I'm going to buy it so create products and then
he's got more on that second question how do you do this how do you help me solve my problem
right over here on the left so he's answering those questions really really well another thing that
Jim does is fantastic he's got some testimonials and testimonials we all have testimonials on our
website but Jim did something really good here he kept it pretty short I mean you know this is less
than a sentence or about a sentence that's kind of it now testimonials one great thing about
testimonials it's your opportunity to sell you say don't people have written me testimonials
and they're really long the people who are giving you the testimonials are not writers and they're
not marketers so what you actually want to do is you want to write their testimonial for them
that's right you want to write it for them you want to call them and you want to say hey I've heard
you say that your your business has doubled since you started coaching with me can I say my
business doubled since I started working with Jim Williamson and on my website and they are
going to say yes the shorter the better because your testimonials if you just ask for an endorsement
are going to be way too long-winded so really great thing that that that is is Jim's doing right here
now the third question that you've got to answer on your website is will this work will this work
and Jim answers that question right here in the form of a testimonial it is worked for others
if I look at this and say you know what I got a business it looks like about you know this guy
is a pastor of a church Jim did some counseling with him so got some coaching with him so they you
know if I'm a pastor of a church I'm thinking this is going to be great you want to pick the demographic
of people by the way that you want to work with the most and just include their testimonials so
let's go through the three questions what problem do you solve how do you actually solve it
and does it work we are we are look one two three four five sections into the website we have now
earned more than a minute and we've answered three of the critical questions that you've got to
answer all right now let's go back what the second question was how does it work so what does Jim
say on his website how does it work why not just be on the nose with it so a three step plan book
your discovery called design the strategy implement and win three steps people love three baby steps
they're much more likely to move into a situation if you give them some baby steps the reason is
there's this cognitive dissonance when we're going to buy something right before we buy it we're
really ready to part with the money we actually say to ourselves gosh well this work and I've been
ripped off before and I spent so much money on things that don't work and you know how how long
is this going to take and you know is this going to take a ton of my time those are all subconscious
questions that float up in the brain and so what you want to be able to do is offer them some little
baby steps they can take toward your product so that they don't feel that risk you're mitigating a
lot of risk and you're easing the subconscious questions you're lowering the fog people are
much more likely to walk in if you have a three step plan so how does this work I book a discovery
call we design our strategy together and I implement the strategy all right so we've answered
what problem you saw how do you solve it and will this work for me and then not to the fourth question
yet but then we've got a lead generator that that gym puts on the site so in exchange for your name
and email address you get an assessment that you get to take it happens to be an assessment that
coach builder coaches that we've made for our coach builder coaches so that if somebody takes
the assessment that person gets their response but so does the coach which gives them a reason to
call them and say hey I've got your assessment here I'd love to talk to you about some problems
you've ever got that call from your doctor hey can we talk about your test results give me a call
you know your HD on LDL or high or HDL is too low or whatever you know we're going to talk about
the problem that we have discovered that is a fantastic lead generator now if you don't have a
lead generator on your website you need one because this is a first date maybe a second date maybe
a third date in terms of the relational you know connection that you're having with the potential client
they're not going to buy to you buy from you until the 12th or 13th or 4th date nobody
marries somebody after the first or second date and this is a big commitment it's going to cost me
a lot of money it's going to cost me a lot of time so I'm only doing this if I'm really
familiar with you the reason that you want to offer an assessment or a lead generator some sort
is so that you can email this person at least once a week for at least 12 weeks and preferably 52
weeks literally 52 weeks in a row in fact if you become a member of the coach builder community
we give you a plug-and-play CRM I pay $1,500 to keep a CRM out of Arizona and give you a plug-and-play
CRM you enter your potential clients email addresses and that we've written 52 emails for you
that go to that potential client why do we do that well we do that because it's a big purchase
that they're making it's a relational commitment that they're making it's a time commitment that
they're making and they don't make that with anybody they aren't familiar with if they don't trust
you they're not going to make that purchase what's the key to building trust value over time
the final question and Jim answers that question here in this section however there's a better way
I'm not going to let Jim off the hook there's at least one thing that he can do better
and that is is it worth it so the four questions what problem do you solve how do you solve it
will it work for me and is it worth it so even if it works for me is it worth the cost
and so that answers that question is answered a little bit in these testimonials but the truth is
Jim can actually offer some statistics here 63% of my clients see at least a 20% increase in revenue
or so far 20 of my clients have doubled the revenue of their small business get some statistics
right here that answer the question is it worth it because obviously they're going to pay you
for your time is it worth it if you can answer those questions you're doing really really great so
the only thing I would say to Jim is let's add some statistics that answer the question is it worth it
but Jim does a fantastic job answering the four critical questions that have to be
all you have to be answered on your website what problem do you solve how do you solve it will it work
for me and is it worth it those four questions you answer those you're going to be great all right
I promise you a bonus if you watch to the end of the video here if you go to coachbuilder.com
you can get a a PDF with 27 websites Jim Williamson is the first website there are 26 more websites
in that PDF literally you just download the PDF and you can scroll through it you don't have to
fly around on the internet just scroll through it and look at all these fantastic websites it's
going to do two things for you it's going to make you want to improve your website which is going
to grow your business and it's also going to encourage you and inspire you you're going to look
at what these other coaches are doing you're going to say oh I could add that section or I got
to hire somebody to do better get a better photograph of me the bottom line is at the end of the day
after engaging those websites you're going to have a much better website yourself because you're
going to want to make some changes if you want to join the coach builder community that I've talked
about you can also do that at coachbuilder.com we are a collection a giant family of coaches
or helping each other grow their coaching business you can learn more at coachbuilder.com
all right here's to you having a great website
