"Greater Clarity.


Better Execution."


"I’ve gotten more clients booked on my calendar in the past few weeks than I had in the previous six months before working with Jake. I have a deep understanding of what I'm building and why it's important!"


- Thaddeus John


IMG_4983
Jacob Sebok: [00:00:00] And there we have it. 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Okay. 
Jacob Sebok: What's up man? 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: What's up? How are you? I'm doing good. 
Jacob Sebok: I'm kind of a professional at this. I appreciate dealing with it. Me. Awesome. So yeah, we're just going to, uh, use AI and figure out if we're gonna get a great interview out of this thing. So 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: are you transcribing it as well so you can take quotes?
Jacob Sebok: You know, I'm not currently transcribing it, however, I guess because 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: your phone is the thing that 
Jacob Sebok: would do 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: that. 
Jacob Sebok: I don't know if I can do that at the same time or not. Either way. That's fine. I'll upload it into the script. Yep. And get a transcript here. Perfect. That's probably where I'll do my video editing anyway.
So we're gonna go kind of chronologically here. Yep. All right. And I'm gonna have you do your, your best job at remembering the situation, how I felt before we talked. 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Yeah. 
Jacob Sebok: This was October. October. We were probably October. Yeah. Warmer. 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: It was a little bit, I mean, we had a really weird. Uh, no, it was November.
By the time it was like [00:01:00] snowy for no reason, but yes, 
Jacob Sebok: warmer. Yeah, for sure. Um, I'm gonna change, I'm gonna try one thing real quick. I'm gonna see what it would look like a little lower if we did that did for some reason. It was just a little bit strange there. 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Getting too much of my shiny head, I mean, 
Jacob Sebok: exactly.
Alright, so tell me a little bit about what was happening in your business. Or in your life at that time, and obviously you were voluntold that you were going to, there was one 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: of the questions that I had generated as well, that was like, why did you choose me? And I'm like, 
Jacob Sebok: yeah, right now that you know.
Yeah. What you do know. 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Yeah. 
Jacob Sebok: What was happening in your business or life that made you realize something just had to change? 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: I felt like, uh. I felt a lot like I was spinning my wheels. Like a lot of the things, the effort that I was putting [00:02:00] into the business wasn't resulting in anything. And I needed, I needed a better plan, I needed a clear plan.
I needed, um, some direction on which things to put effort into, um, as well as how to harness some of the, um. Yeah. Anxious energy and put it into something else that was more productive. Uh, and that was really what, what I was looking forward to whenever we started working together. 
Jacob Sebok: Mm-hmm. Okay. Awesome.
What I'm realizing is we definitely did get more of the mess than we needed to. 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Yeah. There's a lot of stuff there. I could take some of the stuff off of there 
Jacob Sebok: if maybe just the Tai Chi stuff or something. Okay. Yeah. It's not a big deal, but, um, yeah, that box in the clinic. Stop, stop. Hang 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: that stuff. 
Jacob Sebok: Stop hanging.
Yeah. I like that. You get your squishy ball though. 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Just go there. 
Jacob Sebok: Yeah. That actually makes a big difference. [00:03:00] Okay. All right.
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Oh, I needed that. My shoulder has been trying to pop for like a day and a half and 
Jacob Sebok: Oh, nice. 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Yeah. 
Jacob Sebok: Wow. Just couldn't get the leverage on. 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Yeah. And then it does something while I'm cleaning up anyway. 
Jacob Sebok: Exactly. You're welcome. Um, okay, so it sounds like you were in a situation where, um, you, you knew that you, you wanted to move forward on a plan, but you had a lot of options in front of you and you weren't even sure like which one to stick to.
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Yeah. There was a, a lot of paralysis by analysis and. Talking things out with, uh, with somebody really helped to, um, number one direct that all that energy that was anxious, seeing the whole ocean in front of you, if you will mm-hmm. To direct it to a path. And just talking that out was a really big, big portion of it.
But it was also recognizing [00:04:00] where some of my limitations were and things like that. Okay. That really helped harness the energy that I had. 
Jacob Sebok: Fantastic. What had you tread before? 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Um, a lot of, I mean, I, I had started in BNI at that time. Um, I hadn't tried anything besides like listening to podcasts, videos in terms of, um, the interpersonal growth.
Uh, there was actually another business group called the In Crowd, which has since folded, uh, which did very similar things to what we're talking about, but was more, um, group. Oriented and wasn't as specific for my needs, um, as what working with, with a business coach specifically has been. Do you wanna be a business coach or a life coach?
Jacob Sebok: Business coach is good. 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Okay. 
Jacob Sebok: I, I like that. I mean, don't tell anybody, but I'm a life coach that works with business coach. Uh, but I call myself a business coach. 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Well, that's why I'm trying to 'cause like [00:05:00] 
Jacob Sebok: Yeah. I love hearing that actually. So you had tried working with. A program, but it didn't really meet you where you needed it to.
What, what was, what did you find in working with me that you didn't get elsewhere? 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Um, the very specific things like, uh, the parts work that we've done where we talk about, you know, I call it the anxiety monster, um, and trying to figure out. What that's actually trying to tell me versus what I'm hearing from it, if that makes sense.
Uh, if the difference there makes sense. Um, and then how to use the energy of the anxiety monster to be productive. 
Jacob Sebok: I love that. I love that. And what was it about the other program that just didn't really stick? 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: It was that, so trying to do that same thing in a group of 20 people, um. You're, you have to be a little bit more generalistic to be able to hit everybody, which [00:06:00] means that while you're getting in small, incremental growth, you're not getting drilled down into the like heart of what the issue is, which you can do on an individual basis.
Jacob Sebok: Love it. Love it. So back in that stage when you were really in the problem itself, what did was it costing you in terms of energy, relationships, confidence, peace. 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Um, I certainly wasn't confident as a business owner. Um, my standard answer whenever people ask me was, I love being a chiropractor and I love the treatment, but I hate owning a business.
Um, and it had to do with all of the anxiety and the, um, imposter syndrome, if you will. Of feeling like I was trying to do this thing but didn't have any idea, like what it was that I was supposed to do in order to be successful, in order to get more clients in order to, you know, spread the word. All of those types of things were really [00:07:00] difficult in trying to figure out where to put energy.
Jacob Sebok: Yeah. Yeah. You, you went to school and became an expert in how to be a doctor. But 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: yes, 
Jacob Sebok: not, 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: they didn't teach me. I, I learned how to, I learned how to treat people pretty well, I think. Uh, but no real business, um, training. 
Jacob Sebok: Yeah. What were you afraid would never change?
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Um, so you can use this forever. Uh. Whenever I opened up my business, I was living with my parents to try and save money and then I was gonna use the money from the business to, uh, build a house and all that kind of stuff. And my fear was if the business never took off, then I was never gonna move out.
And after seeing some success now, um, really excited that that dream can actually come true. 
Jacob Sebok: Love it. Love it. What almost stopped you from doing this? 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: From doing, from working with you? 
Jacob Sebok: [00:08:00] Yeah,
Dr. Marshall Gevers: I was skeptical of coaching. Um, I thought that it'd be, uh, a waste of money from not necessarily previous experience, 'cause I hadn't worked with one before, but the connotation that I had with. F coaching in general was not positive. Um, and so it seemed like I would just be throwing money away and I had already done that with some of the other, uh, advertising that I had tried to do, um, and things like that, that it felt like there was a possibility that it was just gonna be more time and energy waste, which I was already running on fumes.
Jacob Sebok: Yeah. Yeah. I know we had talked about before you, you had been burned before in watching $3,000 just go up in flames. 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Right? Right. And I really didn't want to have that same thing happen where, [00:09:00] and it's not just the money, it's the time investment that's required for that kind of stuff. And, uh, having that as, you know, kind of hanging over my head that I had already messed this up before.
What if this is just another, um. Gimmick, if you will, that doesn't actually result in anything. That was certainly caused me some, uh, hesitation. 
Jacob Sebok: Awesome. And aside from what we already know, that made the Yes a little bit easier, what made you trust me enough to say yes? 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: I think the first day actually whenever we were working together, uh, things felt different in terms of we weren't just.
Looking at number one, it wasn't like we were just trying to put together a business plan. There was a lot of what can we do to make you grow personally, and that is also going to help grow your business. So it felt more congruent, uh, [00:10:00] where we're, we're doing not just personal work or just business work.
It was how do we grow those two together to create a life that you're looking for? 
Jacob Sebok: Yeah. Yeah. So yes, me what to call, what to call me. What I actually call myself is a values aligned growth and performance coach. 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Yeah. But that's a lot of words. 
Jacob Sebok: I don't really say that to most people unless I'm making a joke.
Right. But the reason for that is because that values alignment is so important to me. And it sounds like the alignment of your business success with your core values was actually a big, 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: it was a, and being able to see that on day one was huge. That we were. Seeing, not just that I felt not just growth in business aspects or seeing how it would translate to business, but it was also making me better.
Jacob Sebok: Awesome. Awesome. What did you need from a coach to feel supported? And did you get it? Whew.
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Um, [00:11:00] I didn't know what to expect, which makes that a difficult question. Um. I think what we talked about was, 
Jacob Sebok: excuse me, 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: I wanted accountability, but also direction. So it was, you know, things that I needed to work on, and that the next time that you came in, it wasn't like you were gonna hound me and say, oh, did you do your stuff?
But if I didn't do that, I felt like. I was missing the boat on the, the effort that we had put in before. And so if I didn't do the work, then I was missing out and having you there to not only, you know, be somebody to report back to, but also somebody to guide me through the, the waters, if you will, um, to guide me through the waters.
Helped to give me direction as well as, um. [00:12:00] Accountability and like, you know what you're supposed to do. 
Jacob Sebok: Yeah. Yeah. And what I'm also hearing in there is it sounds like just having the consistency of needing to show up in the framework of I've got somebody to report to, gave you something. 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Yeah. Uh, we've talked about it before, is that I, I have a.
I struggle a little bit with procrastination and like actually executing the thing that we've talked about. Um, and so having that accountability has made the things that we talk about even better in terms of I get to, I, I have to go do them now, even if it's just a mental thing for me. You've really facilitated, um, how that works in my head.
Jacob Sebok: Awesome. Awesome. A chiropractor who cracks his knuckles. 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: I'm trying not to do stuff like while I'm talking. 
Jacob Sebok: Just cry. Yeah. Um, what was the most unexpectedly helpful part of the process? [00:13:00] I
Dr. Marshall Gevers: unexpectedly helpful, um, finding the. Finding the things that were kind of in my way but are trying to help. Um, so it was really turning things that I thought were detrimental into strengths or how it aligned with what I believe about myself anyway. So, for example, um. I hate feeling like a salesman and trying to figure out how to word things so it's in the patient's best interest, but is still not sales money, um, was a really difficult thing that I was struggling with before working with you, and we worked out how to make that feel better.
And now whenever I do that for patients, I [00:14:00] don't feel like I am trying to sell them something. I feel like I'm trying to help, and that's the reason that I got into the business in the first place. That's, 
Jacob Sebok: man, you're good. You're a good interview. Um, awesome. So 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: I'm 
Jacob Sebok: trying not to have too 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: many ums in there 
Jacob Sebok: either, so I can You're doing great.
You're doing great. So imagine, um, if you, if you can, that you took the Vapi assessment and you got your printout at the beginning. 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Yeah. 
Jacob Sebok: Um, if you can imagine that, what did stage one awareness reveal that you weren't seeing?
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Well, part of that, I can, uh, part of it is actually still true. Um, how, how interrelated everything is in terms of the business, the personal side and the emotional, mental side, if you will. Um, so like. How my sleep affects actual [00:15:00] execution and procrastination of the tasks that I'm trying to do. And so there's been more of an emphasis on my part of, well, I need to make sure that I'm getting better sleep and what do I need to do that?
Well, probably no, uh, no alcohol past, you know, whatever time or limit the alcohol that I'm having anyway, just like overall that helps me sleep better and I'm more cognizant of. How all three of those realms kind of tie into each other because of the assessment that we took. 
Jacob Sebok: Awesome. And then clarity stage two is really the part where I asked you to talk to me from three years.
Uh, from now we're talk, you know, okay. Three years from now, you're telling me, Jake, that conversation we had was absolutely incredible. Everything changed and this is what's happening now, right? So we got clarity on. What's actually driving you. We got clarity on what you actually want, and we actually connected those desires with your operation and your [00:16:00] execution in your every day.
So what did you get clarity on in stage two that changed your decision making?
Dr. Marshall Gevers: I think the biggest thing was actually that I started looking more for what my ideal client was. Um, I was happy to take scraps, if you will, of anybody who had come in. Um, and I'm happy to help them as well, don't get me wrong, but it really wasn't like setting me on fire, you know? Um, where now whenever I find my ideal client and I get to work with them, I get really excited.
Like it gives me energy for the rest of the day, not even, um. Like some, some, some, how do I say that without sounding too much like a dick. Uh, not every patient, not everybody that you work with is exciting to work with and kind of is a little bit draining at [00:17:00] times. Um. And whenever I hit those, those parts throughout the day, having that ideal client that I really enjoy working with restores my energy rather than, oh gosh, I gotta go into work again.
I get that feeling of excitement and that's what has really changed as um, having number one, who that ideal client is and having a plan for how to work with them. 
Jacob Sebok: That was a perfect answer. That was exactly what I was hoping you were gonna say. Um, amazing. Uh, okay. You, you kind of touched on this, but let's dig in a little layer deeper.
What sabotage pattern did you notice and what changed once you gave it a new job? 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Uh, the over perfectionist was definitely like the most sabotaging thing, and it was, um, trying to. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: I felt like, uh. I felt a lot like I was [00:18:00] spinning my wheels. Like a lot of the things, the effort that I was putting into the business wasn't resulting in anything. And I needed, I needed a better plan, I needed a clear plan.
I needed, um, some direction on which things to put effort into, um, as well as how to harness some of the, um. Yeah. Anxious energy and put it into something else that was more productive. Uh, and that was really what, what I was looking forward to whenever we started working together. 
 
 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Yeah. There was a, a lot of paralysis by analysis and. Talking things out with, uh, with somebody really helped to, um, number one direct that all that energy that was anxious, seeing the whole ocean in front of you, if you will mm-hmm. To direct it to a path. And just talking that out was a really big, big portion of it.
But it was also recognizing where some of my limitations were and things like that. Okay. That really helped harness the energy that I had. 
Um, a lot of, I mean, I, I had started in [00:19:00] BNI at that time. Um, I hadn't tried anything besides like listening to podcasts, videos in terms of, um, the interpersonal growth.
Uh, there was actually another business group called the In Crowd, which has since folded, uh, which did very similar things to what we're talking about, but was more, um, group. Oriented and wasn't as specific for my needs, um, as what working with, with a business coach specifically has been.
 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Um, the very specific things like, uh, the parts work that we've done where we talk about, you know, I call it the anxiety monster, um, and trying to figure out. What that's actually trying to tell me versus what I'm hearing from it, if that makes sense.
Uh, if the difference there makes sense. Um, and then how to use the energy of the anxiety monster to be productive. 
It was that, so trying to do that same thing in a group of 20 people, um. You're, you have to be a little bit more generalistic to be able to [00:20:00] hit everybody, which means that while you're getting in small, incremental growth, you're not getting drilled down into the like heart of what the issue is, which you can do on an individual basis.
Um, I certainly wasn't confident as a business owner. Um, my standard answer whenever people ask me was, I love being a chiropractor and I love the treatment, but I hate owning a business.
Um, and it had to do with all of the anxiety and the, um, imposter syndrome, if you will. Of feeling like I was trying to do this thing but didn't have any idea, like what it was that I was supposed to do in order to be successful, in order to get more clients in order to, you know, spread the word. All of those types of things were really difficult in trying to figure out where to put energy.
They didn't teach me. I, I learned how to, I learned how to treat people pretty well, I think. Uh, but no real business, um, training. 
Um, so you can use this forever. Uh. Whenever I opened up my business, I was living with my parents to try and save money and then [00:21:00] I was gonna use the money from the business to, uh, build a house and all that kind of stuff. And my fear was if the business never took off, then I was never gonna move out.
And after seeing some success now, um, really excited that that dream can actually come true. 
I was skeptical of coaching. Um, I thought that it'd be, uh, a waste of money from not necessarily previous experience, 'cause I hadn't worked with one before, but the connotation that I had with. F coaching in general was not positive. Um, and so it seemed like I would just be throwing money away and I had already done that with some of the other, uh, advertising that I had tried to do, um, and things like that, that it felt like there was a possibility that it was just gonna be more time and energy waste, which I was already running on fumes.
Right? Right. And I really didn't want to have that same thing happen where, [00:22:00] and it's not just the money, it's the time investment that's required for that kind of stuff. And, uh, having that as, you know, kind of hanging over my head that I had already messed this up before.
What if this is just another, um. Gimmick, if you will, that doesn't actually result in anything. That was certainly caused me some, uh, hesitation. 
I think the first day actually whenever we were working together, uh, things felt different in terms of we weren't just.
Looking at number one, it wasn't like we were just trying to put together a business plan. There was a lot of what can we do to make you grow personally, and that is also going to help grow your business. So it felt more congruent, uh, where we're, we're doing not just personal work or just business work.
It was how do we grow those two together to create a life that you're looking for? 
 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Being able to see that on day one was huge. That we [00:23:00] were. Seeing, not just that I felt not just growth in business aspects or seeing how it would translate to business, but it was also making me better.
Um, I didn't know what to expect, which makes that a difficult question. Um. I think what we talked about was, 
I wanted accountability, but also direction. So it was, you know, things that I needed to work on, and that the next time that you came in, it wasn't like you were gonna hound me and say, oh, did you do your stuff?
But if I didn't do that, I felt like. I was missing the boat on the, the effort that we had put in before. And so if I didn't do the work, then I was missing out and having you there to not only, you know, be somebody to report back to, but also somebody to guide me through the, the waters, if you will, um, to guide me through the waters.
Helped to give me [00:24:00] direction as well as, um. Accountability and like, you know what you're supposed to do. 
Yeah. Uh, we've talked about it before, is that I, I have a.
I struggle a little bit with procrastination and like actually executing the thing that we've talked about. Um, and so having that accountability has made the things that we talk about even better in terms of I get to, I, I have to go do them now, even if it's just a mental thing for me. You've really facilitated, um, how that works in my head.
Unexpectedly helpful, um, finding the. Finding the things that were kind of in my way but are trying to help. Um, so it was really turning things that I thought were detrimental into strengths or how it aligned with what I believe about myself anyway. So, for example, um. I hate feeling like a salesman and trying to figure out how to word things so it's in the patient's best interest, [00:25:00] but is still not sales money, um, was a really difficult thing that I was struggling with before working with you, and we worked out how to make that feel better.
And now whenever I do that for patients, I don't feel like I am trying to sell them something. I feel like I'm trying to help, and that's the reason that I got into the business in the first place. 
 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Well, part of that, I can, uh, part of it is actually still true. Um, how, how interrelated everything is in terms of the business, the personal side and the emotional, mental side, if you will. Um, so like. How my sleep affects actual execution and procrastination of the tasks that I'm trying to do. And so there's been more of an emphasis on my part of, well, I need to make sure that I'm getting better sleep and what do I need to do that?
Well, probably no, uh, no alcohol past, you know, whatever time or limit the alcohol that I'm having anyway, just like overall that helps me sleep better and I'm more cognizant of. [00:26:00] How all three of those realms kind of tie into each other because of the assessment that we took. 
I think the biggest thing was actually that I started looking more for what my ideal client was. Um, I was happy to take scraps, if you will, of anybody who had come in. Um, and I'm happy to help them as well, don't get me wrong, but it really wasn't like setting me on fire, you know? Um, where now whenever I find my ideal client and I get to work with them, I get really excited.
Like it gives me energy for the rest of the day, not even, um. Like some, some, some, how do I say that without sounding too much like a dick. Uh, not every patient, not everybody that you work with is exciting to work with and kind of is a little bit draining at times. Um. And whenever I hit those, those parts throughout the day, having that ideal client that I really enjoy working with restores my energy rather than, oh gosh, I gotta go into work again.
I get [00:27:00] that feeling of excitement and that's what has really changed as um, having number one, who that ideal client is and having a plan for how to work with them. 
 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Uh, the over perfectionist was definitely like the most sabotaging thing, and it was, um, trying to. Make sure that I got it right all the time. And obviously like I'm human, that that's not gonna be the case. Uh, but the good part and what I've kind of taken from it is that I do want to be informed.
I do want to be, uh, putting forth my best effort. And so now I utilize that perfectionist energy to do research and try and figure out how I can help this person out the best that I can without being too anxious and crazy about it. 
What's interesting is that I think I do more. More networking and more, you know, what I expected business to be like. I do more of that now than whenever I was trying to [00:28:00] figure out and trying to throw my hat in a lot of different baskets to try and figure out what it is that I'm supposed to be doing.
So now, uh, I do text people more outside of, outside of work and, you know, say, Hey, I wanna do this talk or this workshop, or whatever. Um, but it doesn't feel like work. You know, I, where before I was doing a lot of different things that I dreaded doing number one and s sapped a lot of my energy and I didn't wanna do them outside of work.
Where now, whenever that stuff pops up, I'm excited about it and I'm happy to do it. Now, obviously there's some, uh, limits to that, that I don't wanna do it all the, all the time outside of work, but whenever the opportunities pop up outside of work hours, I'm excited. 
 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Um, the biggest thing that changed to make things more fun outside of work was. Knowing what I'm supposed to do. Having that strategy, having that vision of what the future is supposed to look like, uh, makes me feel like whenever I'm doing those things now I am progressing towards my ideal future or whatever success looks like for [00:29:00] me.
Where before it was anxiety producing because I didn't know if it was going to help, and now I've spent all this time, money, energy, into this thing, which doesn't help. 
 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Um. I, I had a harder time asking people for things. Uh, and now number one, I don't feel so much like I'm bothering them, uh, which has always been an issue for me, uh, that I feel like I'm being intrusive or asking a favor from them. And, uh, that's changed now where I don't feel so much like that.
In fact, it's more. How can I reach more people and do the same thing that I've done with them, with my patient for other people? And that feels more like a, um, what's the word that I want to use there? Gift is the wrong word. I, I, but I feel like I'm doing what I'm supposed to be doing. I'm trying to reach more people, and that's the reason that I'm asking for their help, not just to make a few bucks.
 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: I'm definitely less anxious. Um, [00:30:00] but I'm more, 
I'm less anxious, but I think it's because my business and my personal values are more aligned and that's taken away a lot of the anxiety.
Um, uh, no, really, I, I do feel more calm, more confident, uh, in just about all the interactions that I have because. Like I said, it, it's, it is that alignment, like the business now feels more like an extension of me than something I have to go do.
Uh, and that makes me less anxious whenever I am talking to patients. Whenever I'm talking to potential, uh, potential referring clients, all that type of thing, uh, I feel calm, confident when I talk to them because I just get to be me instead of this. Persona that I feel like I'm supposed to be 
 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: I think that they notice I'm more, more confident in the business decisions. Um. Where before I was [00:31:00] consistently looking for feedback. Am I doing this right? And I still like the feedback, but it's not, it's more looking for critique and how to be better than, are you sure I can do this? 
The two things that I would keep would be, number one, I want to have that aligned feeling where the business is an extension of me. Uh, that's very important to me now. Um, the other thing would be listening to. The problems that I'm coming up with in my head in terms of, uh, the anxiety or things like that, listening to the anxiety and trying to figure out what the underlying voice is saying.
Not just you're gonna fail or you should be scared of whatever, but try to figure out how that voice is trying to be productive. 
I think this program is perfect for somebody who is trying to get into business or trying to integrate. Their business life with their personal [00:32:00] life, trying to make that whole sphere more cohesive. Um, so that it doesn't feel like there's different parts of you that are, one's going to work and one's going, you know, taking care of all your relationships or your mental health.
It should, all this feels like it melds those very well. And if that's something that you're interested in, I would recommend this. 
 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: Yes, that, that's kind of, that's how I felt in the beginning was that it was, I didn't wanna work with, I didn't wanna work for somebody else because I wanted to practice the way that I wanted to practice, but the things that I felt like I was being pushed into doing were. The same things that I didn't want to go into business with somebody else for.
And until I got that alignment correct with my business and being an extension of me, then I got to really enjoy the benefits of being self-employed. 
It is made a huge difference for me. I mean, I feel completely [00:33:00] different. Um, and I'm excited for the next five years of business rather than anxious about it now, where in October, so, uh, three, four months ago, I was not excited about business. I didn't really want to be continuing along this path and.
Since working with you? Uh, I'm excited about coming into work every day. 
Well, at a very basic level, um. It's gonna be okay. Like, um, I'm, I wasn't confident that I was gonna be successful as a business owner, as a chiropractor. Not because of the treatment, you know, but because I wasn't sure how to run a business and it's gonna be okay. Like I know it will be 
Um, how do I say this in a good way too? I think a year ago I would've, what I would've said about coaching was that it's basically snake oil. Um, and since working with you, I've completely changed my tune on that. Uh, I still think it's [00:34:00] very important to find a, you know, somebody who's good because just like everything else, there's.
Good coaches, bad coaches, good chiropractors, bad chiropractors. But if you can find a good one that helps you to, um, align yourself, then that's, that's totally worth it. 
 
Dr. Marshall Gevers: No. Um, whenever I, I, I had seen a lot of my friends do talks like this, and I, and I had always talked about teaching, uh, but more in an academic se uh, setting and I.
Hated public speaking and that was the reason that I was never gonna be a teacher like that was my thought. Even though I loved doing it, uh, in a more one-on-one scenario where stepping out of there, I was excited to do another workshop where it's all public speaking and all the eyes are on you.
There's a whole bunch of pressure and I didn't feel that at all. 
Not this. I remember doing those speeches in college and absolutely hating it. Um, the very first speech that I did for, uh, [00:35:00] BNI was awful. Uh, I, I don't, I, I felt awful, uh, doing it. And I practiced that speech a good, uh, two hours for a total of two hours.
And it was a 10 minute speech that I practiced for two hours, um, if not more. To feel somewhat comfortable. And now this one, I mean, I've given this the, the workshop before, but I felt comfortable, confident. I felt excited to do it, and I'm looking forward to the time that I get to do it again. 
No. No, because marketing is the, the, whenever I say, uh. Um, I'm good at being a chiropractor. I'm bad at being a businessman. It's the marketing side that I really hated it. And the way that you say that too, like just made me realize like, that's it is marketing and I am enjoying it. 


"Real Business Growth."
"I knew how to treat patients, but starting a business left me stuck and overthinking everything. Jake helped me cut through the noise, define a vision, and take confident action. What used to feel overwhelming now feels intentional and it's directly translated into real business growth."


- Dr. Marshall Gevers




"Jacob was so insightful!"


"Jacob is an incredible Coach. His presence is calming, his demeanor is genuine, and he has a gift for bridging the gaps between challenges and solutions."


- Charul Patel